
                        

rating: +2+–x
Item #: SCP-013-PT
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-013-PT is to be contained in a 6*6*4 m underground room, structured to avoid radiation leakage; and outside 10 cm of lead wrapped in a Faraday cage. 5cm of ferrite magnets line the interior, with the main wall made of 20cm thick brick. A 10cm thick layer of lead will line the outside, completely surrounded by a faraday cage.
The roof is made of highly resistant fiberglass with small openings for ventilation, material and food insertion as well as removal of SCP-013-PT-2. Magnetic interference shielded boxes are to be hung from the ceiling constantly. Samba music is to be playing in the chamber constantly. If any of the aforementioned components break, maintenance teams are to enter via a hatch, and must not enter with any intrusive equipment or otherwise disturb SCP-013-PT.
SCP-013-PT is to have access to writing papers and utensils. No electronic devices, including pacemakers, are allowed in the containment chamber.
Description: SCP-013-PT is a human male, 1.75 meters tall and approximately 75 kg, with an extensive presence of electronic prosthetics throughout his body (modifications listed in document 013-A). The material of these implants varies between metallic, ceramic and biomechanical.
SCP-013-PT’s skin has several scars and scorched emblems, similar to a triangle. It breathes normally and consumes 200 kcal and 500 ml water without any excretion.
SCP-013-PT constantly emits tau rays, an unprecedented form of radiation that confuses the temporal perception of humans, and corrupts electronic data (particularly linked to date and time), with emission related to SCP-013-PT’s emotional state. During SCP-013-PT's time at the Foundation, it has demonstrated that it can teleport. Due to the difficulty of re-containment, testing has been discontinued.
SCP-013-PT is fluent in Portuguese and has demonstrated some comprehension of other languages, but it’s speech patterns are incoherent, with disconnected phrases.
SCP-013-PT often writes musical compositions, referred to hereafter as SCP-013-PT-2. The letters SCP-013-PT-2 usually contain historical facts told in a confused and full of anachronisms, often caused or witnessed by figures from various times and places. As texts occasionally aid in the discovery of anomalies, sambas are played to inspire SCP-013-PT to continue composing.
Foundation discovered SCP-013-PT in 2013, noticing signs of unusual radiation coming from an office building in █████ ██████, ██████████. Following an incursion by the Foundation, SCP-013-PT was found in a closet on the fourth floor, who was then sedated and brought to the extraction vehicle. While the van was on the way to Site-██, the accumulated tau radiation affected the containment team and the equipment, who eventually realized they were ███ km away from Site-██.
When SCP-013-PT woke up, it panicked from the presence of agents and their equipment, and disappeared. The tau radiation signature was only rediscovered two years later in Berlin, Germany; the Foundation was able to affix a tracking device to SCP-013-PT prior to its disappearance. The tracking data appeared sporadically in many worldwide locations, but Foundation agents tracked it to Minas Gerais, and the Brazilian branch of the Foundation quickly contained SCP-013-PT. The locator was not with SCP-013-PT, and new data transmissions of this artifact are still being received.
Addendum: Searches in various databases indicate that SCP-013-PT may have been █████████ █████ █████, also known ██████ █████, of ████████, a sambista arrested in 1966 for disturbing the peace at ███ █████ ██ train station (now known ██████ ██ ██████ ). Subject was sent to a sanitarium in ██████████, and it was later reported missing in 1968, leaving behind a shattered bed and ashes on the bedroom floor. An attempt to speak to SCP-013-PT asking if he recognized the name █████████ █████ █████ and its history resulted in the SCP entering catatonic state and issuing large amounts of tau radiation, which affected all machinery and personnel within a radius of 5 meters before sedatives were administered. New contact attempts are vetoed until further notice.

                    