
                        






rating: +3+–x






rating: +3+–x










Credits

Article: SCP-088-PT
Author: Vintner
Translator: slashannemoo
Images: Foundation Test for Political Coordination made by the author, CC0.
More information



rating: +3+–x

rating: +3+–x








More information









rating: +3+–x

rating: +3+–x








1/088-PT LEVEL 1/088-PT
CONFIDENTIAL



Item #: SCP-088-PT
Object Class: Euclid






Threat Level: Orange
Special Containment Procedures: The Mobile Task-Force PT24-Γ — "Pinochet's Protégés" must be permanently stationed to work on the containment of SCP-088-PT. SCP-088-PT must be maintained under constant vigilance in a standard container for inanimate objects in a 4m³ containment room on Site PT33, and, whilst in its inactive state, requires only standard maintenance and hygiene procedures as it is impossible to load SCP-088-PT with ammunition.
If any indication of the occurrence of an 088-Σ Event is observed, it is to be assumed that SCP-088-PT has entered its active state and that SCP-088-PT-1 eventually will appear in exactly 2 minutes to equip SCP-088-PT. Such an event cannot be avoided and is part of the standard protocol. The personnel responsible for the observation thereof must communicate through the on-site standard communication's systems a notification alerting all personnel involved in the containment of the object of the beginning of an 088-Σ Event (for more information regarding 088-Σ Events, personnel with a Security Clearance Level 3/088 may refer to the Document 088-01).
FTM PT24-Γ is responsible for the establishment of a 500m perimeter around SCP-088-PT that must not contain any Foundation personnel that scored below 0 in the axis of the abscissae presented by the Foundation Test for Political Coordination (for more information regarding the test, employees with a Security Clearance Level 3/088 may refer to the Documento 088-02). Every employee within the perimeter must be trained to react efficiently to the protocols of an 088-Σ Event. Any failure in maintaining the perimeter clear of any human being that does not conform to the established profile will be considered a violation of containment procedures and the responsible parties will be disciplined accordingly, with the exception of failing the Foundation Test for Political Coordination without exceptions.
In the case of the occurrence of an 088-Σ Event, every employee within the perimeter must immediately salute, and if approached by SCP-088-PT-1, treat the object as "Sargeant ████", with all the honours pertaining to the title. The 088-Σ Event will only be considered concluded with a new notification announcing the dematerialisation of SCP-088-PT-1.
No personnel must enter the containment chambers in which SCP-088-PT is currently stored for a period of 2 days after the conclusion of an 088-Σ Event. There is and will be no exceptional circumstance to this procedure.



SCP-088-PT in its inactive state.



Description: SCP-088-PT is a semi-automatic rifle M1 Garand (its fabrication dating from the beginning of the 60s), with a mass of 4.2 kg, 1.1m of length, and modified to shoot .458 calibre Winchester ammo.
In its inactive state, SCP-088-PT does not differ from an ordinary M1 Garand rifle. Nevertheless, when the object is activated, given a random period of time, its appearance is spontaneously modified. Up to this date, the Foundation knows no means to stop such a process.
In its active state, the appearance of the M1 Garand is that of an extremely deteriorated firearm, with damage that is consistent with the decay of weapons that are excessively used in combat without proper maintenance. In its stock, a grossly carved phrase will appear, "THIS MACHINE KILLS COMMIES" with several marks carved randomly counting the number of individuals eliminated with the use of SCP-088-PT.
SCP-088-PT-1 is the name of an entity that is manifested when SCP-088-PT is activated. SCP-088-PT-1 is an entity identical in appearance to a male human being, drest in a uniform traditionally worn by the soldiers that comprised the Força Expedicionária Brasileira (FEB — Brazilian Expeditionary Force) during the Second World War. The entity appears to be a man with ~40 years of age, with a tanned countenance due to the exposition to the sun, a voluminous moustache and beard, and dishevelled hair.
SCP-088-PT-1, although appearing as a common human, interacting physically with the environment surrounding itself, and speaking, is completely incorporeal and undetectable by X-ray, thermographic equipment and other methods utilised by the Foundation. SCP-088-PT-1 considers itself the "owner" of SCP-088-PT and is the only individual capable of appropriately utilising the object, that, when equipped, also becomes incorporeal.
SCP-088-PT-1 is capable of using SCP-088-PT like an ordinary M1 Garand rifle but has never been seen or had the need to reload the weapon, generating projectiles apparently without source or trace. The projectiles fired from SCP-088-PT are not propelled by powder or made of lead. Akin to SCP-088-PT-1, the projectiles are completely incorporeal and are propelled by a physically-unknown force. Since SCP-088-PT fires higher-calibre projectiles, and given the capabilities of SCP-088-PT-1, targets rarely survive.
It is theorised that SCP-088-PT-1 possesses the same appearance as the former Sargeant ████ ████, as he resided in the same location where SCP-088-PT was originally discovered, paired with additional data catalogued by Dr. Nascimento, derived from a diary found in [DATA EXPUNGED]. For more information, refer to the Documento [REDACTED].
Details regarding the behaviour of SCP-088-PT-1 can be accessed by employees with a Security Clearance Level 3/088 in the Documento 088-01.

+Document 088-01: Security Clearance Level 3/088 is required to access the files.

- Access granted.



WARNING: THE FOLLOWING FILE IS CONFIDENTIAL AND CLASSIFIED AS 01/088.

ANY ATTEMPT OF ACCESSING THE FILE WITHOUT AN AUTHORISATION LEVEL 3/088 WILL BE REGISTERED AND WILL RESULT IN AN IMMEDIATE DISCIPLINARY ACTION.


Preface: The following document depicts the extension of the Foundation's knowledge regarding the nature of SCP-088-PT, SCP-088-PT-1 and 088-Σ Events.
Document 088-01: An 088-Σ Event is the observation of the deterioration of SCP-088-PT and the subsequent apparition of SCP-088-PT-1. What triggers these events is currently unknown These events are triggered by the introduction of a politically left-leaning individual in a 500m circumferential perimeter, always with SCP-088-PT as the centre thereof or are randomly triggered given inordinate periods of time. Researchers are still trying to decipher a pattern for these seemingly random occurrences of 088-Σ Events.
During 088-Σ Events, SCP-088-PT-1 behaves verisimilarly to how an actual drill sergeant would whilst inspecting soldiers, searching with minutia for any individual with left-leaning tendencies within the aforementioned perimeter, which, when found by the SCP-088-PT, will be summarily executed with the use of SCP-088-PT-1, that will, without exception label the individual as "a filthy commie", even if the target necessarily did not have communistic beliefs. Those attempting to defend anyone that is attacked will also be targetted by the object, and will be regarded in the same manner. The Foundation currently does not understand how SCP-088-PT-1 detects the political spectrum of the individuals within the perimeter.
Those without a left-leaning political bias have little to no risk whilst interacting with SCP-088-PT-1 as long as they are treating the object as their hierarchically superior military officer, do not possess objects or a demeanour that leads to SCP-088-PT-1 suspecting of such a bias, and do not attempt to help those attacked by SCP-088-PT-1. The failure in following these instructions constitutes its own punishment.
SCP-088-PT-1 can teleport instantaneously to any location within the established 500m perimeter (which is performed frequently). It is effectively impossible to track SCP-088-PT-1 or block its entrance from any specific location within the perimeter.
SCP-088-PT-1 will always finish its inspection in Dr. Nascimento's desk (one of the personnel responsible for the containment of SCP-088-PT), after speaking with every human being within the established perimeter (and executing those that did not conform to the mentioned parameters), leaving SCP-088-PT his care, as it considers him the "most-competent subordinate available". Dr. Nascimento —must be present in his office during 088-Σ Events — is responsible for transporting SCP-088-PT back to its containment chamber following the conclusion of an 088-Σ Event. When any human that is not Dr. Nascimento enters the containment chamber during this period, a new 088-Σ Event will be initiated, and the perpetrator subsequently eliminated.
If Dr. Nascimento is not present in his office during the conclusion of an 088-Σ Event, SCP-088-PT-1 will become hostile, attacking [DATA EXPUNGED] In 20/12/20██, Dr. Nascimento conducted an agreement between himself and SCP-088-PT-1 for SCP-088-PT to be left on his desk in the case of his absence. No other individual may touch SCP-088-PT or a new 088-Σ Event will be initiated, resulting in the manifestation of a new perimeter around the object, and the subsequent elimination of the perpetrator. Dr. Nascimento remains as the only individual allowed to enter in the object's containment chamber during the two-day period following the conclusion of an 088-Σ Event.

- Access granted.



+Document 088-02: Security Clearance Level 3/088 is required to access the files.

- Access Granted.



WARNING: THE FOLLOWING FILE IS CONFIDENTIAL AND CLASSIFIED AS 02/088.

ANY ATTEMPT OF ACCESSING THE FILE WITHOUT AN AUTHORISATION LEVEL 3/088 WILL BE REGISTERED AND WILL RESULT IN AN IMMEDIATE DISCIPLINARY ACTION.




A simplified result for the application of the Foundation Test for Political Coordination


Preface: The Document 088-02 details the Foundation Test for Political Coordination developed by Dr. Mirtes and Dr. Nascimento.
Document 088-02: The Foundation Test for Political Coordination consists of a series of questions specifically formulated by Dr. Mirtes under the supervision of Dr. Nascimento, several studies of [DATA EXPUNGED], and to this moment, is the most-effective test to determine the political bias/orientation of a human being, with a success chance of ██,█%.
The complete results are extraordinarily complex for personnel without specific knowledge in mathematics and political science to understand, thus, a simple representation in a cartesian coordinate system has been created; the image has been annexed to this document. The ordinated (oriented) axis determine how communitarian (or authoritarian) or liberal the individual that performed the test is, the abscissae axis determines whether the individual has a left-leaning or a right-leaning political bias in that regard. The intersection point of the lines must be considered the point of origin thereof.
Due to the nature of SCP-088-PT, personnel that scored negatively in the abscissae axis must not participate, in any way, of the object's containment procedures, as detailed previously. The score in the ordinated axis is irrelevant for the containment of SCP-088-PT.
The questions and tests that must be performed to determine the political orientation of an individual are:
[REDACTED].

- Access Granted.


Addendum 088-01 - Discovery: SCP-088-PT was discovered at ████████, Minas Gerais, Brazil. SCP-088-PT was found after a commercial truck driver driving through the city stumbled upon an apparently deserted area of the city, discovering, shortly after, several corpses from individuals that had been shot.
The event was acknowledged by the Foundation after being signalised by agents infiltrated in the PMMG (Polícia Militar de Minas Gerais — Minas Gerais State Military Police) after new 088-Σ Events were triggered during the policial investigation. The Foundation, with new information pertaining to the anomalous effects of SCP-088-PT, managed to contain the object without further incidents.
The proximity of Site PT33 with the city of ████████ decreased the probability of new 088-Σ Events occurring during the transportation of the object to containment. The surviving civilians that witnessed the presence of SCP-088-PT-1 were treated with Class-B amnestics.
It is theorised that several 088-Σ Events occurred sequentially because of the promotion of a political rally of a notorious left-leaning Brazilian political party in the city, leading to the complete annihilation of human life in a radius of, approximately, ███ kilometres. The city of ████████ had ████ inhabitants before the event. Standard disinformation protocols and procedures are currently being conducted.

                    