
                        

rating: +8+–x


SCP-100-PT


Item #: SCP-100-PT
Object class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-100-PT is currently in the possession of Agent ████████. Depending on missions and expeditions of reconnaissance, containment, neutralization, or combat against anomalous objects and occurrences, SCP-100-PT may be requested by any Agent with Clearance Level 4 or above that is a member of a Task Force or research team, given the approval of O5-█ and the agent currently possessing the object. An agent with clearance Level 3 or lower that requests the object will require the additional approval of 3 operatives of Level 4 or above, and of its designated Site Administrator.
Three guards must be tasked with monitoring and studying the location where SCP-100-PT was retrieved, taking turns every three hours. Each individual must be positioned between thirty and seventy metres from Point Zero. Eight cameras must be placed in the perimeter of the discovery site within a radius of five meters and are to be monitored at all times by two Level 2 personnel.
Any person, animal, or electronic device approaching the debris of the discovery site of the object are to be designated SCP-100-PT-6. Any organisms picking up debris or feeding in the region must be contained and investigated. Civilians and military personnel must be interrogated and administered Class-C amnestics before being released. Suspects and other People of Interest must be kept under Foundation custody.
Users of SCP-100-PT that activate the effects of SCP-100-PT-4 or -5 in places where personnel, agents, researchers, or any Foundation collaborators may be affected by its anomalous capabilities must be incapacitated, questioned, and terminated following the example of Incident 100-PT-A.
Description: SCP-100-PT is a device measuring 2 x 2 x 7.5 centimetres, made of plastic with an aluminium halm that can be adjusted in one of the sides. In one of SCP-100-PT's extremities, there are concave lenses with a 7.5 cm diameter, with a non-visible interior due to its reflective properties. In another of its extremities, there is an arc supposedly made to allow SCP-100-PT to be hung from a cord or keychain. In the face opposite to the aluminium halm, there is a small button to activate and deactivate SCP-100-PT's effects, and an inscription stylized with an unknown brand called Menezes █████.


SCP-100-PT-2: Recorder (with its button pressed) and camera (press, and release).


SCP-100-PT-1: When SCP-100-PT's halm is aligned to its main component, the object's lenses possess the function of an extremely powerful lantern that shines with an output of up to 200 Watts in any direction of the lens. The white colour of the light is powerful enough to cause ocular damage to anyone observing the direct emission from the lantern from a nearby point. Besides the iterate usage of the device for reconnaissance of dark environments such as caverns and abandoned tunnels, this configuration has been occasionally used to interrogate Foundation dissidents and PoIs.
SCP-100-PT-2: When SCP-100-PTs halm is completely open in a 90º curve and pointed down, the object becomes a camera capable of recording with a peripherical line of sight in a manner very similar to the human vision, with every angle being recorded with perfect quality; the video can be extracted from SCP-100-PT through wireless connection or Bluetooth from any computer or mobile device with available storage space. The device shown as available in the network search containing the pertinent data is named ███████, with its current password being ███████████, defined by Agent ████████.


SCP-100-PT-3, configured to project images.


SCP-100-PT-3: When SCP-100-PT's halm is positioned about 30º in relation to the object, with its lens, pointed upwards, the object is able to project images in a 180º degree angle, sharply illuminating any surface, at any time of the day, in internal or external locations; at any time, the object's button may be pressed to skip to the following image or video.
SCP-100-PT-4: When SCP-100-PT's aluminium halm is held at exactly 180º degrees in relation to its main body, the device starts emitting 3000 to ████ rad of radiation, that is swift and noxious to any individual within five (5) metres of distance from SCP-100-PT, with exception of the individual handling the object. Research proves that radiation occurs due to the chemical decay of uranium, albeit fragments of different radioactive elements have been detected occasionally.


SCP-100-PT configurated to emit radiation, -PT-4


SCP-100-PT-5: When the SCP-100-PT's halm is folded in 90º and held upwards, in the format of a cannon. In this format, a █████ ray emitting █████, and █████ of up to ██████ rad, reaching temperatures between 1500 ºC (2732 ºF) and █████ ºC (█████ ºF) is released from its lens every time its button is pressed, the ray is continuously emitted towards the aimed direction until the object's button is released. Lightly angling its halm backwards increases the potency from the observed emissions.
Discovery: SCP-100-PT was found inside a drawer in an abandoned temporary laboratory located in the coordinates 5°34'13.8"S 59°38'27.5"W within the region of the Amazon Rainforest in 07/03/199█ (day/month/year). Besides the object, other adapted tools of unknown origin and use have been found inside lockers, safes, and over the tables, aside microscopes, clipboards, office materials, and research paraphernalia.


Cannon configuration: SCP-100-PT-5.


The laboratory contained ██ 60cm³ cages stacked in █ lines by one of the walls. █ cages contained animals of the Mico nigriceps, Mico mauesi and Mico ████████ species. Every animal had been found to be already dead, with signs of malnourishment and dehydration- no reported physical signs of violence such as cuts or stabs.
After containment of anomalous materials, evaluation of the utility of several utensils, and registers within the laboratory, the building was incinerated by Foundation personnel, beginning the current procedures of monitoring and containment of SCP-100-PT-6.
After extensive research about the properties and capabilities of SCP-100-PT, the object was deemed Safe by the primary team; the designation was confirmed by the secondary team. Following that, SCP-100-PT was requested as a standard utility to be used by Agent ████████. Contract 5BP2-100-PT-1X5 regulated the legal procedure for the usage of SCP-100-PT by agents with Clearance Level 4, and in special cases Level 3, in missions and research wherein the object may be useful, starting 01/01/2008.

                    