
                        

rating: +7+–x


A Shūshū-in document depicting SCP-981-JP。


Item #: SCP-981-JP
Object Class: Safe (possibly Euclid, pending further testing)
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-981-JP must be contained within a containment chamber composed of acrylic glass. In order to mask the surrounding cave system housing SCP-981-JP's containment chamber, a power plant will be constructed in the area by the Foundation. Unauthorized access to the site must be prevented.
Description: SCP-981-JP comprises the anomalies SCP-981-JP-1 and SCP-981-JP-2. SCP-981-JP-1 is a hemispherical object composed of biomatter and approximately 18m in diameter, located in the vicinity of a cave1 at Chekhov's Peak, near the town of Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk on Sakhalin Island, Russia. The entire surface of SCP-981-JP-1 is covered in smooth skin, and appears to lack any sensory, digestive, excretory and/or other types of organs. The physical structure of SCP-981-JP-1 is extremely fragile, with even mild pressure applied by human fingers causing its tissue to collapse. However, SCP-981-JP-1 possesses an extraordinary regenerative capability, as any and all injuries sustained have thus far been observed to completely heal within 35 minutes. While it SCP-981-JP-1 appears to expend some amount of energy during this healing process, how it acquires this energy is something studies have not yet been able to determine.
Tests have revealed SCP-981-JP-1's genetic makeup to be identical to that of of humans (Homo sapiens; the internal anatomy of SCP-981-JP-1 appears to be comprised of cells containing an amalgamation of DNA from a multitude of different human individuals. Further Foundation research has uncovered approximately 14 vital organs2 containing human bodies with intact brains. It is speculated that the nature of SCP-981-JP-1 is that of 14 distinct human beings having been fused together by anomalous means. Furthermore, the bloods vessels, lymphatic systems and blood vessels appear to be connected and shared between all 14 groups of organs. Lymph nodes display signs of hypertrophy commonly encountered in subjects infected with viral sexually transmitted diseases. The skeletal structure of SCP-981-JP-1 is radically different from that of normal human beings, instead extending like an umbrella around the body in order to preserve its hemispherical shape. Yet, in spite of these numerous physical abnormalities, SCP-981-JP-1 still appears to retain normal biological functionality.
SCP-981-JP-2 are groups of organic entities periodically released by SCP-981-JP1. Though outwardly resembling a human colon, autopsies show its internal composition to be completely different to that of normal human beings. SCP-981-JP-2 excretes a mucous substance from an organ similar in appearance to a human vermiform appendix3, which is attached to its endpoint. Said mucus displays anomalous properties when it comes into contact with either metal or human beings respectively: When a metallic objects comes into contact with the mucus, the interacting section will instantaneously vanish via unknown means; when a human subject comes into contact with the mucus, they reportedly experience intense abdominal pain immediately afterwards, lasting for approximately six hours whereafter the subject expires. At this point, the subject's colon will transform into an instance of SCP-981-JP-2 and exit the body by rupturing the abdominal wall. In addition, observations have confirmed that, despite lacking any form of brain or muscle, SCP-981-JP-2 is still capable of a snake-like locomotion, and will actively seek out metals or humans on which to blow its mucus. It is understood, however, that when made to choose between metals and humans, SCP-981-JP-2 will invariably favour metals. It should also be noted that not only does SCP-981-JP-2 lack any regenerative capabilities, but its lifespan is limited to about a mere 3 days from the moment of its expulsion.
At regular intervals, SCP-981-JP-1 will cause itself to rupture, thereby releasing several new instances of SCP-981-JP-2. The frequency of these expulsion events has been shown to correspond to the SCP-981-JP-1's level of brain activity. Its neural activity is therefore kept at consistently low levels by the continuous administration of various sedatives. In order to avoid SCP-981-JP-1 from becoming resistant to any one substance, it must be administered a wide variety of different substances on a rotating schedule. Despite this induced low neural activity, however, expulsion events regularly keep occurring about once a month.

+ Addendum 981-JP-L (SCP-981-JP Containment Log)

- Close

Addendum 981-JP-L: The following document is a record accounting for various changes in SCP-981-JP's native environment.
SCP-981-JP is believed to have existed on Sakhalin island since before recorded history, with the only older attestations able to be found existing in the form of the orally transmitted yukar4 of the local Ainu population. Although there are regional differences between various accounts, one anecdote tells of a certain type of demonic, metal-hating snake, presumed to be a reference to SCP-981-JP, being exterminated by Aynurakkur5. A curse cast upon his sword causes it to wither and decompose, with the poison of its constituent herbs making him sink into an eternal slumber. Another story describes Aynurakkur falling into sleep due to what is presumably SCP-981-JP escaping through his eye.
As the Edo Shogunate solidified its control over Sakhalin in the 18th Century, SCP-981-JP was placed under the administration of the Shūshū-in6, shortly after their discovery of the anomaly. According to the documentation acquired following the Shūshū-in's subsumption under the Foundation, SCP-981-JP was dubbed "Taisui-seikun" and, in an effort to keep it in the "deep slumber" state mentioned in later accounts, was regularly administered a "spiritual appeasement" regimen comprised of a combination of drugs and sorcerial techniques. When Japan was forced to relinquish control of southern Sakhalin to Russia, according to the terms of the Treaty of Saint-Petersburg, the Shūshū-in had little choice but to evacuate the island, and thus SCP-981-JP came under the control of the Foundation. At the time, SCP-981-JP-1 showed even less brain activity compared to the present day, and it has been hypothesized that its current dormant state will gradually wear off over time. During this dormancy, SCP-981-JP-1 has been ovserved cycling between a vaguely discernible "deep sleep" state and a more readily apparent "shallow sleep" state, with SCP-981-JP-2 Emission Events never firing in the former. These emission events occur roughly once every seven months during the latter state, though a regimen of drugs has thus far proven successful in pacifying the entity by returning it to its "deep sleep" state. Moreover, recent reports of SCP-981-JP-2 note having failed to observe any effect of its mucus on human beings, and appears to have lost all its previous effects aside making metals vanish (see Addendum 981-JP-M).
The Foundation's influence in Russia began to rapidly decline following the establishment of the Soviet Union during the early 20th century, and SCP-981-JP thus came into the possession of GRU Division "P"7. For a time, Division "P" established and employed the same containment procedures as had previously been used by Shūshū-in and the Foundation, though they observed no indications as to any problematic breaches. During the final years of the Soviet Union, however, SCP-981-JP caused a large-scale containment breach8, resulting in the escape of large quantities of SCP-981-JP-2. Once the Foundation had confirmed the breach, a cleanup operation was immediately launched, including the application mind-controlling techniques to SCP-981-JP-1 and the deployment of a Mobile Task Force to eliminate any loose instances of SCP-981-JP-2. As a result of this strategy, notwithstanding the necessary large-scale amnestization and media cover-up efforts that followed, damages beyond the initial breach were successfully minimized. Following this incident, SCP-981-JP was once again returned to Foundation custody. According to documents acquired in the wake of Division "P"'s retreat, in seems the division was attempting to find a means to weaponize the mucus secreted by SCP-981-JP-2.
Following the recovery of SCP-981-JP from Division "P", SCP-981-JP-1 had already managed to recover enough for SCP-981-JP-2 Expulsion Events to resume, despite the administration of neurodepressant drugs, which proved ineffective. Consequently, it was decided that SCP-981-JP-1 was to be covered in acrylic glass in order to deal with the mucus. Nonetheless, even though there is presently little concern for containment breaches caused by SCP-981-JP2, the administration of neurodepressant drugs to SCP-981-JP-1 will continue, in order to reduce the risk of further containment breaches to zero.




+ Addendum 981-JP-M (SCP-981-JP Incident Log)

- Close

Addendum SCP-981-M: On ██-██-20██, SCP-981-JP-1 suddenly awoke from a passive state and disgorged a large quantity of SCP-981-JP-2 instances. Dr. ██ was quick to administer flunitrazepam to SCP-981-JP-1 in an successful attempt to return it to a its passive state. However, Dr. ██ soon reported experiencing severe abdominal pain as a result of having come into contact with SCP-981-JP-2's mucus. Dr. ██ was quickly placed in quarantine, and six hours later, SCP-981-JP-2 were observed exiting from his body. Although this effect had not been observed in previous experiments involving human contact with the mucus, newer experiments utilizing D-Class personnel yielded identical results, confirming this effect. Speculations have been put forward as to whether or not this change in the mucus's effects are a an adaptation following previous Expulsion Events. Consequentially, the wearing of hazmat suits when administering drugs to SCP-981-JP has been made compulsory.
The subsequent investigation of the incident revealed that, instead of being administered the prescribed prazepam, SCP-981-JP-1 had been administered a small dose of methamphetamine9 laced with an anomalous compound. The person responsible for the administration of the drug, Dr. ███, was subsequently found in his office, having committed suicide via prazepam overdose. No plausible motive as to why Dr. ███ (who had joined at the age of 23 and consistently been noted for his loyalty to the Foundation) would knowingly have caused such an incident was ever found. Although all assigned personnel have been subject to regular and compulsory psychiatric examinations following this incident, no anomalous or otherwise unusual influence has ever been noted among any member of staff. In order to prevent similar incidents in the future, strict examination and control of all drug administrations have been instituted. Furthermore, in consequence of the new ability observed in SCP-981-JP-2, an investigation to identify the potential origins of the anomalous compound found mixed into the methamphetamine has been launched. Presently, however, no indication as to the origin of said substances has been found; the investigation continues.




+ Addendum 981-JP-N (SCP-981-JP Supplemental Documents)

- Close

Addendum 981-JP-N: In 1875, the Shūshū-in retrieved a number of newly-discovered items found in the periphery of SCP-981-JP-1, which were brought home to Japan and later, following the Second World War, were turned over to the Foundation. Although most of these items were regular goods of a non-anomalous nature, a written note on several scraps of paper possibly referencing SCP-981-JP was also found among the objects. These paper pieces have been carbon dated to approximately ████ years ago. These notes all seem to have been composed in a hitherto unknown language written in the [DATA EXPUNGED] script. Only one of these has as of today been translated by Foundation linguists, the contents of which are available below:

For Zend [DATA EXPUNGED], faithful acolyte of the Ozi̮rmok
Bad news. It appears that some irreverent [INDECIPHERABLE] heretics have somehow found out about you. They are (fearful/vigilant) of the Pious Ones10. They are (fearful/vigilant) of that metal-corroding power. They're carrying (beeswax?) armour and seem to be on the lookout for you. The Pious Ones are (incomplete/uninitiated). Currently, it seems they can't break their armour.
Fortunately, it also seems they are unaware of your whereabouts. Put the Faithful into (deep sleep/asphyxiation). Then bury them in graves to hide them, so we can deceive the eyes of the infidels. Then we wait, and when the time is right, we shall once again wake them from their (deep slumber/asphyxiation).
Karcist [DATA EXPUNGED]





Footnotes
1. Approximately [REDACTED] years ago, a cave-in caused the appearance of a surface aperture, exposing the cave system to the outside world. Before that, it is believed that the cave system was so completely sealed as to be airtight.
2. The insides of which all seem to be comprised of several tumorous lumps of tissue.
3. A blind-ended tube connected to the caecum.
4. Yukar (Ainu: ユカㇻ‎) are Ainu sagas that form a long rich tradition of oral literature, characterized by their rhyming verse structure.
5. (Ainu: アイヌラックㇽ) A heroic deity in Ainu mythology, figuring in wide variety of tales in which he destroys various demons.
6. Shūshū-in (Collecting Agency) was a Japanese organization that collected various anomalous items. They frequently employed unscientific methods such augury, magic and religious rituals.
7. Division "P" (Psychotronics) was a branch of the Soviet/Russian foreign military intelligence agency, GRU, established in 1935 and tasked with retrieving, researching and developing practical applications of various anomalies.
8. Although it is likely that this was caused by some sort of internal error, the details of this incident remain unclear.
9. A kind of neurostimulant: It is an addictive psychoactive compound that has a strong stimulating effect on the central nervous system.
10. This is believed to be a contextual reference to SCP-981-JP.


                    