
                        

rating: +4+–x


SCP-268-JP-██


Item #: SCP-268-JP
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: Persons who are found to satisfy the condition of SCP-268-JP-A from information gathered by law enforcement, fire, and medical institutions shall be listed up and their trends monitored. Relevant individuals who are found to have disappeared under suspicious circumstances or the like, are to be investigated by Foundation agents in the recovery of SCP-268-JP, and to distribute amnestics to potential witnesses in maintaining a cover story. Irrespective of their current duties and rank, Foundation personnel with clearance level 1 or higher who satisfy the conditions of SCP-268-JP-A are to be informed of the object's properties, and are obligated to understand the object's characteristics and reporting of any potential encounters.
Recovered SCP-268-JP entities are stored in individually assigned 0.8mx2.0mx0.5m cages housed within a Containment Cell located at Site-81██. All revisions made to SCP-268-JP are to be recorded. When an instance of SCP-268-JP-A is confirmed, remove the assigned cage entirely from the Containment Cell and follow established procedures after investigation. SCP-268-JP entities that have lost their anomalous properties shall be removed from the Containment Cell, and be stored within a safekeeping locker at the same Site. Currently, aforementioned Protocol Villain-268 is in effect as a countermeasure to said object.
Description: SCP-268-JP is a collection of books consisting of a black leather cover and an immeasurable number of pages inscribed with what would be a single sentence on its cover as its title. Currently, the Foundation has contained a total of ███ books to date.
SCP-268-JP appears randomly within Japan in front1 of "persons who have been previously saved by someone else, who later died as a result of their dangerous life-saving activity." (Hereinafter the person whose life was saved referred to as SCP-268-JP-A, the person who died as the result of said life-saving activity as SCP-268-JP-B). At the time of appearance, SCP-268-JP will be inscribed with the title "The Epic of [Expression evoking SCP-268-JP-B] Who Saved [Expression evoking SCP-268-JP-A]". With the exception of the first few pages entitled as the Prologue with a brief description on how SCP-268-JP-A was rescued by SCP-268-JP-B, all other pages are left blank. The timing of appearance for SCP-268-JP ranges irregularly from a few months to a few decades from the time of rescue, and combined with the enormous number of individuals who satisfy SCP-268-JP-A, has been found to be difficult to predict and prevent before activation.
When SCP-268-JP-A comes in contact with the appeared SCP-268-JP, SCP-268-JP-A will immediately disappear from its spot. During this disappearance, the whereabouts of SCP-268-JP-A are not known. Thereafter, new chapters are added to SCP-268-JP one by one every 24 hours. At that time, any damage or degradation done to SCP-268-JP exceeding a certain threshold will be replaced with a brand new copy, and is therefore, meaningless to otherwise destroy or incinerate said object due to this property.
The content of the added chapters will spell out a beginning without exception, a scenario where SCP-268-JP-A is in a crisis and SCP-268-JP-B is being faced with a choice to either risk their life and save them. At this time, it can be read that SCP-268-JP-A appears to retain the same appearance and memories of that of the time of the disappearance, and SCP-268-JP-B appears to be in a healthy state with the same appearance and memories of that of the time of death. If SCP-268-JP-B takes action, the rescue attempt will be a success irrespective of the situation, and SCP-268-JP-A will survive while SCP-268-JP-B will die without exception. The chapter concludes with praises being offered to SCP-268-JP-B for their actions, and the cycle then repeats itself with the next chapter having a different crisis than the previous, and SCP-268-JP-B being asked again to make a new choice. In addition, based on the behavior described in the narrative, it is further assumed that only SCP-268-JP-B retains all the memories from the previous chapters. There are also other characters such as policemen, doctors, and audiences that appear in the works, but they will only repeat fixed phrases and both parties have been shown to not be able to establish any meaningful dialogue.

+Example chapter contents of SCP-268-JP

-Hide text



SCP-268-JP-A falls from a subway platform. SCP-268-JP-B rescues them by pushing them back up, but dies as a result by contacting a train that immediately passes over them.
SCP-268-JP-A is underneath a falling steel frame. SCP-268-JP-B rescues them by shoving them away, but dies as a result by getting crushed by the frame.
SCP-268-JP-A is being carried away in a flooded river. SCP-268-JP-B dives into the river and rescues them, but succumbs to the turbid waters and dies by drowning.
SCP-268-JP-A and SCP-268-JP-B are both poisoned by a rattlesnake in the mountains. SCP-268-JP-B administers the only serum they had to SCP-268-JP-A and rescues them, but dies as a result.
SCP-268-JP-A is held hostage by a man with a gun, and demands a new hostage as the release condition for SCP-268-JP-A. SCP-268-JP-B offers to become a hostage and an exchange occurs, but SCP-268-JP-B is ultimately shot dead.
SCP-268-JP-A receives [REDACTED] by an object that has similar properties and appearances as SCP-███-JP. SCP-268-JP-B rescues them by [REDACTED], but dies as a result of [DATA EXPUNGED].





After an indeterminate period of time from the time of disappearance, deceased SCP-268-JP-A entities with varying causes of death will appear next to SCP-268-JP. At that time, the chapter added to SCP-268-JP will be titled The Final Chapter and will describe the chain of events leading to SCP-268-JP-B giving up, and SCP-268-JP-A dying in a similar manner as the now appeared corpse. After witnessing their demise, the chapter then concludes with the depiction SCP-268-JP-B "disappearing into a mist". The title on the cover is then renamed to a single sentence in contempt of SCP-268-JP-B, and all corresponding anomalous properties are lost from SCP-268-JP.
As a means of reducing the risk of contact between SCP-268-JP and SCP-268-JP-A, Protocol Villain-268 has been enacted to serialize, and periodically publish/sell books that imitate the design and title of SCP-268-JP using ███ Books, a Foundation front company. Among its many discussions, the book brings up examples of people who have saved or have been saved by others, and describes them in a manner that is thoroughly critical, and insulting of them that has since lead to many civil lawsuits across the nation. Currently, the series is known in the public as a controversial piece of work that should be avoided, and has since lead to a reduction of approximately 15% of all reported incidences of SCP-268-JP.

+SCP-268-JP's in Foundation possession (excerpts) 

- Hide text


SCP-268-JP-17
SCP-268-JP-A: Female, 26 years old. Was saved by a liver transplant from SCP-268-JP-B in the treatment of liver cancer, two years ago before disappearance.
SCP-268-JP-B: Deceased, male, 32 years old. Elder brother of SCP-268-JP-A. Died due to complications from surgery after the liver transplant.
Title: The Epic of The Kindhearted Brother Who Saved Their Disease-Stricken Sister
Revised Title: The Story of The Bastard Who Forsaken Their Only Immediate Family
Contents: All 96 chapters. In the final chapter, SCP-268-JP-A dies due to organ rupture after being hit by a large vehicle.


SCP-268-JP-42
SCP-268-JP-A: Male, 11 years old. Biological son of SCP-268-JP-B.
SCP-268-JP-B: Deceased, female, 29 years old. Due to placental abruption, SCP-268-JP-A was given a choice between saving the mother or the child, and dies as a result of giving birth. It can be read the she recognizes SCP-268-JP-A as their own son.
Title: The Epic of The Loving Mother Who Saved the Life of Their Unborn Child
Revised Title: The Tragedy of The Boy Who Burned-out Wailing for Being Born as The Son of a Heartless Bitch
Contents: All 127 chapters. In the final chapter, SCP-268-JP-A is trapped within a burning house and is burned to death.


SCP-268-JP-79
SCP-268-JP-A: Male, 34 years old. Was saved by SCP-268-JP-B during an enemy attack while being deployed in ███, eight years before disappearance.
SCP-268-JP-B: Deceased, male, 39 years old. Dies by gunfire while shielding SCP-268-JP-B.
Title: The Epic of The Admirable Officer Who Saved A Young Solider with a Bright Future
Revised Title: The Tale of The Coward Who Self-Lovingly Abandoned His Dying Subordinate
Contents: All 186 chapters. In the final chapter, SCP-268-JP-A dies of hemorrhagic shock due to not receiving a blood transfusion.


SCP-268-JP-106
SCP-268-JP-A: Female, 8 years old. Was [REDACTED] by object currently specified as SCP-███-JP, but was able to escape from its effects post-neutralization, six years before disappearance.
SCP-268-JP-B: Deceased, male, 2█ years old. Agent Sakuma. Died in the line of duty during the recovery mission of SCP-███-JP in 20██. However right before, his quick-wittedness allowed the object to be temporarily neutralized and successfully contained. Additionally, Agent Sakuma had knowledge of SCP-268-JP due to himself satisfying the condition for SCP-268-JP-A.
Title: The Epic of the Brave Foundation Agent Who Saved An Innocent Young Girl
Revised Title: N/A
Contents: Currently 2███ Chapters
Addendum: At the start of each chapter, Agent Sakuma is seen shouting something each time, but all of his statements are being censored.





Footnotes
1. Their home, workplace, outside, etc.


                    