
                        

rating: +5+–x

Item #: SCP-177-DE


Tracing of the patterns of the fragment SCP-177-DE-A from the base of the vessel in scale 1:1, all dimensions in mm, drawing Loewen


Object Class: Safe Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-177-DE is to be stored in six spatially separated Class-3 security vaults in a video-monitored storage room in Site-DE7. Fragments of SCP-177-DE may be used for experimental purposes under the direction and consent of Dr. Derminov, however, at no time may tests be conducted outdoors or within 10 meters of an open water surface. If new fragments are found that show similar properties to those of SCP-177-DE, they must be reported immediately to the Maritime Archaeology Department, "Tidal Runners", and contained in the same manner. Under no circumstances should these fragments come into direct contact with each other.
Description: SCP-177-DE is a vase-like vessel whose fragments found so far (hereafter referred to as SCP-177-DE-A to -F) occur in sizes of 1.5 x 3 x 0.9 cm to 15.7 cm x 12.3 x 1.2 cm. The exact origin of the vessel is unknown. Investigations by the method of the thermoluminescence dating and the carbon-14 dating have shown that the age of the fragments can be dated to approx. 5000 years BC (Chalcolithic). Here, a small part of the supposed upper part of the handle of the vessel was destroyed. The finds consist of vegetable lean clay with fireclay aggregate and were coated with iron(III) oxide (Fe2O3) and fired. It is noticeable that the iron oxide of the coating has strong similarities with iron-oxide-containing soils of the Atlantic Ocean. The patterns of the vase do not correspond to any culture known to date and show lines which, similar to Celtic knots, form intricate symbols. These symbols seem to be a readable language containing the actual anomaly; see Incident Report #177-001-A. Recognizable figurative patterns include fish and other marine life, mythical creatures, waves and building-like structures.



Front view of the vase SCP-177-DE in the scale 1: 2, all dimensions in mm, drawing / notes Loewen, July 2016



The fragments alone have a weak perception-disturbing effect, which is triggered by touching and intensively observing the patterns. The effect has been described in previous tests as "a feeling of being underwater, as if being slowly crushed by the masses of water". Individual tests in the vicinity of an open water surface have another effect on subjects: they describe the feeling that they can observe an indescribably large entity from a distance through the water. These descriptions often include piercing, yellowish eyes, scales, and a huge mouth that can swallow whole masses of water. If the fragments of the vase are placed next to each other, these feelings of fear intensify. The effect spreads to all subjects present in the above-mentioned vicinity and stops for a few minutes after the process has ended. The more fragments are put together, the stronger this effect becomes.
It is noticeable that when the entity is perceived, it appears that it always originates in the same place in the sea according to the descriptions. A controlled test has been requested to allow various experiments to take place along the Western European coast to triangulate the exact point at which the entity appears to be located. Approval Pending.


Findings of the excavation at adjoining coordinates


Discovery: SCP-177-DE-A was found on 2011/██/██ as the first of its kind during excavations at coordinates N██,██████ E██,██████, north-west of Site-DE7 in the North Sea. It was recovered along with other finds from a former well shaft from the town of Rungholt, which sank in 1362. It was first assigned to these ordinary finds before researcher S. Loewen, led by Dr. Derminov, discovered the anomalous properties of the fragment and drew the Foundation's attention to it. It was immediately accommodated in Site-DE7 and a separate department was set up to be able to quickly assign further finds.
Fragments SCP-177-DE-A to -D were discovered at the above coordinates, each at a significant distance from each other. Another fragment belonging to the same vessel was discovered on 2016/02/15 during excavations in Lake Thun in Switzerland and was designated SCP-177-DE-E. Shortly thereafter, after an unusually heavy flood in Lake Constance, a fragment, SCP-177-DE-F, was discovered on 2016/06/19. How these pieces got to these places is still unclear. However, at both sites, traces of grinding were found on the surrounding rock, as if made by very large metallic objects.
 Incident Report #177-001-V-A: During the examination of the symbols by Dr. Derminov on 2011/██/██, shortly after the discovery of the perceptually disturbing properties of the fragment, a flood occurred in tract 201-Z of Site-DE7, resulting in minor damage to some parts of the affected area. However, technical equipment and other installations have not been damaged. Dr. Derminov reported that after several hours of work on the shard, she felt like she could remember something. A text that could summon "the beast". After checking the camera footage, it turned out that Dr. Derminov went to a window of the building that was facing the North Sea, moving her lips throughout. Almost at the same time, the flooding occurred.

Note from Dr. Derminov:
It's obvious that the flooding was caused by the anomaly! I think it is irresponsible to carry out tests near water - or even to do composite shards tests at all. Who knows what we could conjure up with this?! If the site is flooded, all the work - my work has been in vain.
- signed by Olga

Addendum #177-001: The Object Classification was raised to "Euclid" on 2016/ ██/██ by O4-3 due to the potential security risks from further finds and Dr. Derminov's insistence.

                    