
                        

rating: +8+–x
Item #: SCP-096-DE
Object Class: Neutralized
Security Containment Procedures: Presently, the risk of the public gaining awareness of SCP-096-DE is minimal. Should any persons make SCP-096-DE known to the public, said persons are to be discredited and their statements declared to be misinformation.
Description: SCP-096-DE denotes a phenomenon that occurred approximately 4,5 billion years ago, at which time the proto-Earth was subject to a spacial displacement event that transported the planet from an unknown point in the universe into our solar system. Thus far, it is unknown what caused this displacement, but due to the Earth itself not showing any anomalous properties, it is presumed to have been caused by an outside force.
The Foundation became aware of SCP-096-DE while studying several documents found alongside SCP-045-DE. Subsequent research, carried out through the use of [REDACTED], confirmed the recorded events.

Conlisus

Close



I see a great emptiness, enlightened by a glowing sphere, of a size which is to large to be properly described with words. Several lights flash in the unlimited distance. A sphere, blue littered with white, brown, yellow, blue, red and grey spots, approaches, accompanied by two smaller white spheres. It floats through the emptiness. Due to the glowing sphere, one side is shrouded in darkness, and yet it is illuminated by a thousand lights on its surface. It is a sight of geometric beauty. I understand that I see the world as He must surely see it. His outlook is truly glorious. Yet, there suddenly appears a different world, as fast as a droplet of water vanishes in the ocean, in the middle of this vast emptiness. She is almost twice as big as the glowing world and black and dull. It is in the way of the beautiful world, yet He does not intervene. The worlds collide. Fire, that has to come straight from the depths of Hell, breaks out of them. Glowing debris from both worlds worlds fly through the vast emptiness, destroying the white companions of the beautiful world. I see how many pieces of that debris are crashing down onto the dull world, yet a part of it begins to circle it, a glowing pile, that soon combines into a newer, greater white sphere that begins to circle the dull world, where the fire rises out of countless holes. I know that I have gazed upon our world, yet our world is adorned with other colors, and only calls one moon its own! Oh dear God, did You just sacrifice such beauty to create us? Were those its Day of Judgement? What I have seen fills me with such dreadful horror, yet also with consolation. When He calls the last humans to Himself, I am sure now that it will not be the end.



Note: As the events described here are estimated to have occurred over a time span of 10,000 years, it is likely that SCP-045-DE possesses a "fast-forward function" . Research is still ongoing.




The proto-Earth appeared right in orbit of the to this point hypothetical planet Theia. Unlike previously thought, Theia was orbited by two moons and seemed to harbour intelligent life. What type of life existed on Theia can not be determined anymore. After the collision, the earth's surface seems to have been completely destroyed and covered with material from Theia. This process has falsified the results of any subsequent attempt to measure the Earth's age. It was, however, possible for the Foundation to determine the true age of the planet by digging ██ km into the Earth, and amounts to ca. 9,8 billion years.
Foregone analysis suggests that the sudden increase in gravitational force on Theia's position influenced the solar system significantly. Model calculations suggest that SCP-096-DE caused a chain reaction that has both prevented Neptune from leaving the solar system due to acting centrifugal forces and Mars to collide with Jupiter's moon Europa. It is not known if there was any life in our solar system prior to SCP-096-DE that was influenced by it.

"Ladies and Gentlemen. The fact that Theia and its civilization lie in the past is a sad fact and probably a great loss, yet think about this; without SCP-096-DE, we wouldn't exist. Whatever phenomenon that was, we owe it our existence, yet we are not responsible for it."
- Dr. Reiner


Access only available with Security clearance Level 3/096-DE.

Access recognized.

Warning: You are about to access Data with Security Classification 3/096-DE. The retrieval of this file will be registered, noted and reported at your current Site. The access of this file without a sufficient security clearance level is sufficient grounds for immediate detainment. The access of this file through a computer that is not connected to the intranet of The Foundation is grounds for immediate termination, regardless of security clearance.
Please submit your credentials.
…
…
…
…
…
Credentials accepted.


SCP-096-DE.


Item #: SCP-096-DE
Object Class: Apollyon
Security Containment Procedures: SCP-096-DE can not be contained by any means available to the Foundation. The probability of the public becoming aware of the conversion of SCP-096-DE is very low, which is why only minimal disinformation measures need to be employed. The confidentiality of this information with regards to Foundation staff, however, has the utmost priority in order to maintain morale among staff. For this purpose, all personnel who are not authorized to view SCP-096-DE in its entirety are to be provided with a version of this file that moves the designation of SCP-096-DE on its appearance in the solar system, to distract from its true nature.
Should only ten years stand inbetween the completion of the conversion, Dossier K-096-DE should be consulted, and the appropriate evacuation should be carried out.
Description: SCP-096-DE designates the Earth, the third planet in the solar system. As outlined in document above, the earth appeared in our solar system approx. 4,5 billion years ago, and collided with the planet Theia. However, unlike the description above, the reason for this phenomenon is known. It was made possible by a spatial destabilization of SCP-096-DE's atoms.
The position of the quarks of 99,999999999998% of the atoms that make up SCP-096-DE (hereinafter described as SCP-096-DE-1) is unstable in a special way, whereby the atoms decouple themselves sporadically for a few picoseconds from the space they occupy. This has no effects on objects1 with a mass of less than 12 * 1013 kg, although current models suggest that a completely decoupled object with a critical mass can change its position and teleport to a random location due to a currently only rudimentary understood chain reaction. However according to a model of SCP-096-DE-1, as long as the object stays in contact with atoms that have not been destabilized, they will be "anchored" by a neutralization effect.
The Foundation gained awareness of SCP-096-DE-1 during research of the materialization of the Proto-Earth described in SCP-045-DE documents. With measurements with a finely calibrated Roth-Detector, it was determined that all examined matter had weak space-time fluctuations emanating from them. This was first believed to be background noise, until the Foundation came across regions of SCP-096-DE in which the space-time fluctuation was much weaker than first assumed. During the investigation of this fact, SCP-096-DE-1 was discovered, and classified alongside of the object that it has formed. Using the intensity of this space-time fluctuation, the contaminated mass of SCP-096-DE could be calculated. It is presumed, that the vast majority of the normal mass of SCP-096-DE comes from SCP-096-DE's collision with Theia.
SCP-096-DE is currently being held in its position by 2 * 10-12% of its normal mass. However, with every neutralized teleportation, additional atoms are converted to SCP-096-DE-1. Calculations lead to the conclusion that, with a steady rate of neutralized teleportation events, all atoms comprising SCP-096-DE well be converted to SCP-096-DE-1 within approximately ██ years. At this time, there exists no known method of preventing this process. It has been suggested that multiple instances of FTC-Units could be used to keep SCP-096-DE at its current location. However, it was estimated that, for a satisfactory result, about four units with a minimal size of 4000 km x 2000 km x 1500 km each and a minimal weight of approximately 9 * 1015 kg each have to be produced. Suggestions concerning the import of extraterrestrial and/or extradimensional matter onto Earth are not feasible, because alone for the compensation of the rate of conversion, 2,7 * 108 kg of matter per day would be required.
It is currently unknown whether life can survive the teleportation process or not. Regardless, the continued survival of humanity and other lifeforms on SCP-096-DE is almost completely impossible during such a WK-Class Planetary Dislocation event, due to the probability of SCP-096-DE continuously manifesting in places that can support life being very low. Emergency evacuation measures have already been devised2. Currently, an evacuation to other universes accessible to the Foundation have been considered. However, due to humans also consisting of mostly SCP-096-DE-1, contact with the Earths of other realities would also convert that Earth into an instance of SCP-096-DE. This is seen as an acceptable risk due to the long duration of the conversion process.
Addendum 096-DE-1: Following measurements, various lunar bases have detected that the moon is also being converted into SCP-096-DE-1. According to current estimates, this process will be completed in ██ years.

Footnotes
1. An object here denotes any accumulation of matter, each component having to be in direct physical contact with at least one other.
2. (For more information, please refer to Dossier K-096-DE)





                    