
                        






rating: +3+–x






rating: +3+–x










Credits

Articel: SCP-091-DE - The loving doll
Author: Sonicast
Letter: Einer von Rabe







rating: +3+–x

rating: +3+–x





Item #: SCP-091-DE
Object Class: Euclid
Secure Containment Procedures: SCP-091-DE is to be contained in a triple-conjoined room layout with one main window into the connecting hallway. The first and second rooms must be equipped with exactly ten (10) dolls, three (3) remote controlled cars, and a board game collection containing four (4) different games while SCP-091-DE is located in the first room. To assure SCP-091-DE's containment in the third room, the area must be equipped for accommodation by D-Class personnel. When SCP-091-DE occupies the second room, the first and third rooms must have their respective equipment swapped entirely; the first being D-Class accommodation and the third being a backup of the second. Afterwards, the rooms' numeric designation must also be adjusted to match.
If SCP-091-DE has not been located in one the prepared rooms following 24 hours after a search, every toy store within a radius of 25 km must be locked down for tracking of the object. Once the object is found, it is to be returned immediately.
Every year, on July 4th, SCP-091-DE must be searched for in Anna Tichavskás' (PoI-1359-DE) apartment at exactly 12pm, and brought back to Site-DE19 if found. If Ms. Tichavskás is in her apartment at this time, she must be given Class A amnestics.
Description: SCP-091-DE is a doll standing approximately 61cm with blond, curly hair, a small flower arrangement headband, blue eyes, and a pink dress. The object's head, hands, and feet consist of vinyl, while the body consists of soft padded fabric. SCP-091-DE has a label with the inscription "Ms Mirablis, Magic & Mystik Co." under its dress.
Whenever SCP-091-DE is seen by a female child between three (3) and twelve (12) years old ('subject') from a toy store window, it begins to dance. Every subject in direct eye contact with SCP-091-DE during this event hears a song that, according to the listening persons, is sung by SCP-091-DE. The subject of the song regards a young girl who sees a doll in a toy store window and asks her parents to buy it for her. The language of the song depends on the native language of the viewing subject. If two or more subjects see SCP-091-DE at the same time, it remains inanimate until all but one subject stops direct eye contact. After the song, the subject begins to desire to hold SCP-091-DE, and will subsequently buy or request to buy the object. If this is not allowed, the subject will attempt to persuade their parents, promising to behave well and other similar promises to retain possession of SCP-091-DE. If the subject is consistently denied, the effect stops after 5 minutes, and the subject subsequently forgets SCP-091-DE entirely. In the following 5 minutes after the primary event, SCP-091-DE remains inactive, even if seen by another subject.
When a subject is in possession of SCP-091-DE, it plays with SCP-091-DE and ignores all other toys. If the subject stops play with SCP-091, it can be indirectly observed to destroy the nearest toy. Most recorded damage is dissection-based, or in case of electric toys, a short circuit. The damaged object is, according to the proband, the favourite toy of the subject. The effect only occurs when no direct eye contact has been kept with SCP-091-DE for fifteen (15) minutes and when it is not observed during the act of destruction. It does not matter if SCP-091-DE is seen directly or through a video recording. In the case of a video recording without an observer, a cut showing as a short, bright flicker occurs in the footage after fifteen (15) minutes in which SCP-091-DE is no longer visible. The effect does not occur if the subject sleeps with the object.
After two weeks of possessing the object, the subject will lose interest in SCP-091-DE and begins to not notice or engage in play with it. If the subject has not played with SCP-091-DE for four (4) weeks, SCP-091-DE disappears and is seen in the nearest toy store window after 24 hours. If the object is not purchased after 72 hours, it disappears and is seen in an other toy store. Every worker in the SCP-091-DE's host store claims that the object was always on sale. At the time of disappearance, SCP-091-DE cannot be located by any method, including radiolocation. At current, no method has been found to prevent SCP-091-DE's disappearances, since it disappears even with direct eye contact; it is believed that object simply ceases to 'be' during disappearances due to radiolocational findings.
It appears that SCP-091-DE defines any room with toys and games that can be seen from an outside-facing window as a 'toy store'. Therefore, the selected room must contain at least ten
(10) toys and two (2) games in the room; the Special Containment Procedures listed above includes additional materials both for the sake of safety and to also guarantee an appearance of SCP-091-DE. It only appears in the same room twice if the room has not been used for other purposes, such as a bedroom.
Only one case has been documented where SCP-091-DE has sung a song for a female person over 12 years (see Document: Diary Entries of Anna Tichavská). In this case, the adult subject treats SCP-091-DE as their own child and names it "Amilie". It is unclear, in this case, if the effect originates from the object or the subject.
Discovery: SCP-091-DE was sighted next to Tom ██████ on 26.07.2003, who was found dead in his bathtub. The cause of death was electrocution from a hairdryer that was dropped into the water. During the investigation, Anna Tichavská was suspected due to possibility of a motive. Agent █████, who worked undercover as a police officer in the area, consulted Tichavská and thus discovered SCP-091-DE. Anna Tichavská, her mother, and Ms. Tichabská's coworkers were given Class A amnestics after interrogation.

Diary Entries of Anna Tichavská

Hide

Anna Tichavská was 24 years old when she saw and subsequently bought SCP-091-DE in ████████, Germany. Entries irrelevant to the object were deleted.

Entry from 04.07.2003:
Dear Diary,
(DATA EXPUNGED) Today I was shopping and found a sad looking doll. It sang the song ██████████ by █████, and in Czech! I bought her immediately and brought her home. I gave her the name Amilie. (DATA EXPUNGED)


Entry from 06.07.2003:
Dear Diary,
Today something strange happened. When I came back home from church, I saw Amilie, who I bought two days ago, next to my television, even though I remember exactly where I left her last. My television doesn't work anymore. I called Tom immediately, and he said that it was a short circuit. (DATA EXPUNGED)

Annotation: Tichavská's boyfriend, Tom ██████, is an electrician.

Entry from 07.07.2003:
Dear Diary,
Today, when I came back home from work, I saw the doll in a different place again. This time she was next to my phone, which didn't also work anymore. Am I going crazy?


Entry from 08.07.2003:
Damn, what is happening? My computer is broken now too, and Amilie wasn't where I have put her down. Maybe she doesn't want me leaving her alone? I will take her with me to work tomorrow.


Entry from 11.07.2003:
Dear Diary,
My workmate Andrea is making fun of me that I take Amilie everywhere. I have told her about the incidents, that my devices were damaged, but she laughed at me. Amilie began to cry and I tried to comfort her. (DATA EXPUNGED)


Entry from 13.07.2003:
Dear Diary,
Today the people at church were looking at me funny. It's only because I brought Amilie with me, but my mother said that I don't have pay attention to others and can stay as I am. I could see how Amilie was smiling at my mother. But I still decided not to tell her why I take Amilie with me everywhere. (DATA EXPUNGED)


Entry from 14.07.2003:
Dear Diary,
I got a letter from Ms. Mirablis today, who claims to be the "mother" of Amilie. She wrote that Amilie was running away from home and she wants to come by to pick her up. To be honest, I didn't understand much of what she wrote. I will just keep taking care of Amilie.


Entry from 15.07.2003:
Dear Diary,
Today I lost Amilie before closing time! I searched for her everywhere, but couldn't find her! Luckily Markus found her in front of the refrigerated warehouse and brought her back. I ranted at her and told her to never scare me again. She cried, but I think she understood.


Entry from 16.07.2003:
Dear Diary,
Yesterday my workmate, Andrea, died. She died in some accident, apparently she got locked inside the refrigerated warehouse in our store. Our boss gave us a free day. Even though I didn't like Andrea much, it hit me hard. After all, she was my workmate.


Entry from 19.07.2003:
Dear Diary,
Today I was visiting my mother with my boyfriend. (DATA EXPUNGED) Shortly before we wanted to leave, my mother asked us if we wanted to have children. I accidentally said that we already have a child. Tom and my mother looked at me very strangely. I tried to pass it off as a joke, but nobody believed me. On the way home Tom talked with me about Amilie. He was worried that I treat her as my own child. I didn't know what to say to avoid both unsettling Tom and making Amilie sad.


Entry from 21.07.2003:
Dear Diary,
I was fired today. My boss growled at me that I went to work with Amilie and gave me an ultimatum: Either her, or the work. Of course I chose Amilie. I used the free time to be more with her. My mother wasn't amused to hear this news. I already stopped listening to her.


Entry from 22.07.2003:
Dear Diary,
Today Tom scheduled an appointment with a psychotherapist for me. The wait time was very short and the doctor was immediately sympathetic towards me. We talked mostly about my relationship with Amilie, and the doctor listened to me without making any dumb comments. After the conversation he wanted to talk with Tom alone. On the way home Tom asked me if I was sad that he couldn't make any children and looked to Amilie for a replacement. I was silent.


Entry from 26.07.2003:
Dear Diary,
I don‘t know what went into Tom! This morning, when I was sleeping, he took away Amilie from me! I shouted at him to give her back, but he said something about how 'it was for my best'! I kicked the [CENSORED] from my home. I wanted to talk about it with my mother, but she was on his side! I don't know what I should do!




Attachment SCP-091-DE-A: This letter was confiscated by the foundation when examining Ms Tichavská.

Dear Ms. Anna Tichavská
I heard that you've taken up one of my "children". First, I wanted to thank you. Amilie is sometimes a little willful. Preferably you should give her a lot of attention and keep her away from dangerous objects and places. I wanted to ask you if you'd be able to talk her around to coming back to her mother. The little blond tuft ran away from home without telling me why. Was I too strict as a mother? In any case I wanted to ask you to look after her before I pick her up. She can sometime be a real rascal if she doesn't get enough attention.
You can contact me at this address: [CENSORED] I hope I'll get an answer from you soon.
Faithfully

Ms. Mirablis


Notes: The sender, Ms. Mirablis (designated as PoI-1989-DE) is currently an unknown figure, as every investigation into the identity has been unsuccessful thus far.
Attachment SCP-091-DE-B: On 03.07.2004, SCP-091-DE disappeared even though the typical activity period was not yet up. The object was found with Anna Tichavská, who was in her apartment, on 04.07. Ms. Tichavská tried to run away with SCP-091-DE when she saw the response forces, but was arrested; in the following hour, SCP-091-DE was contained. According to the information given under interrogation, Tichavská claims to have found SCP-091-DE when she came back from church. She was given Class A amnestics and the special containment procedures were adjusted.
Supplement from ██.██.2000: According to new investigations from analysis of older files from another Group of Interest, the sender of the letter could be associated with another individual who is likely in contact with other SCPs. The label confirms this assumption that the sender could have potentially been assigned to a group later in the year. As such, the Foundation could connect the individual to the GoI, which manufactures and sells anomalies and anomalous artifacts.

                    