
                        

rating: +7+–x


Logo of the SKP


Item #: SCP-028-DE
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: Aboveground, SCP-028-DE is disguised as a homeopathic wellness-hotel, which is used as quarters for most of the personnel; the personnel may use the wellness-areas for relaxation and are operated by level 1 personnel. Should civilians try to book a room, they are to be put off with alleged overbooking. The associated grounds are fenced-in and under video surveillance, and there are 2 guard squads on patrol at all times. The driveways are under access control.
The subterranean sectors of SCP-028-DE are fully under video surveillance and are permanently patrolled by 12 guard squads of no less than 8 men, armed with an arsenal reaching from normal assault rifles and flame throwers up to laser-projectors. For a full list of equipment see #028-DE/A3
There are 18 Scranton Reality Anchors on the surface, with various disguise and guarded and under surveillance at all time, in a vertical distance of exactly 747.9 m (seven-hundred forty-seven point nine) from a fixed metering point on the perimeter, and in a distance to each other, correct to a decimeter. These SRA are to be permanently in operation and calibrated to 2 Hm1 ± 0.01 Hm.
Around SCP-028-DE-C in Room ᚠ is a spherical framework with a diameter of 18 m, holding 36 SRA's in as regular distances as possible. On one side the SRA's and the frame are pivoting, to allow access for the equipment from #028-DE/P1.
Should reality-deviation of more than 0.2 Hm be detected on one or more Anchors, all off-duty personnel is to be put into stand-by, the Reaction-Forces have to take up their stations and O42 is to be informed. If the deviation reaches 0.6 Hm, O5 is to be informed and codeword “Heimdall” us to be sent to Site-DE20 with top priority and with normal priority to the facilities on list #028-DE/A1. The Reaction-Forces start preparing protocol “Mjölnir”. Individuals from U-3378-DE (SCP-028-DE-A) that may manifest as of a deviation of 1.1 Hm are to be neutralized by all available means.
Should SCP-028-DE-C open, protocol “Mjölnir” is executed. Should protocol “Mjölnir” be unsuccessful or should the deviation reach 1.8 Hm, Site-DE20 is directed by O4 or O5 to executed protocol “Ragnarök”.
Description: SCP-028-DE is Site-DE3. Site-DE3 is the former headquarter and secret research facility of the wiped out Sonderkommand für Paranormales3, and until the first appearance of SCP-028-DE-A during #028-DE/I1, was mainly used to research the SKP's work and for storage of SCPs not requiring complex Containment Procedures and care. After incident #028/DE-I2 Site-DE3 was classified as SCP-028-DE and all stored SCPs where transferred to other facilities.
SCP-028-DE consists of 106 rooms on 8 levels which are connected by hallways, staircases and lifts. All rooms are marked with a rune of the elder futhark and sometimes a number, according to their kind. The upper levels contain mostly rooms for personnel, training and storage. The mid-levels contain laboratories, offices and workshops, the lower levels contain cells and containment rooms. In the center of the facility is Room ᚠ, a hall reaching above four levels. Both accesses are equipped with armored doors and in the second level above the rooms ground is a control room with observation windows from bullet-proof glass, which leads to the conclusion that Room ᚠ has been used as containment room and/or experimental laboratory, however the SKP has destroyed all records about the purpose of the room as well as the controls before the Foundation took over.
Since incident #028-DE/I2 there is a portal (SCP-028-DE-C) in the middle of Room ᚠ, leading to universe U-3378-DE. Normally the portal is closed by the SRA's around SCP-028-DE.
Appendices:

+ Show incident-protocol #028-DE/I1

- Hide incident-protocol


On the 199█-██-██ at 02:47 in the morning - SCP-028-DE then was designated just as Site-DE3 and was not fully under video surveillance - the terminal of Dr. █████ turned itself off after false passwords were entered repeatedly while trying to access documents of clearance level 4, and triggered an alarm.
As nobody worked on night-shifts despite the guards, and nightly access to the lower levels was only possible with an exception permit, silent intruder alert was triggered according to alarm-protocol, the Reaction Forces of the facility where sent to Dr. █████'s office and the terminal was set to a virtual access mode, to feign access to the database to keep the intruder occupied.
The Reaction-Team stormed Dr. █████'s office and found a person who looked like Dr. █████ but wore a light gray uniform with the logo of the SKP, and was busy with Dr. █████'s terminal.
The person, hereafter designated SCP-028-DE-A-1, immediately opened fire with a weapon that is assumed to have been a fully automatic railgun, whose projectiles penetrated through the body armor and even through the walls of twenty centimeter thick reinforced concrete.
A nonfatally shot member of the Reaction-Team reported that a few minutes after the gunfight, in which the site director locked down the lower levels and called for an MTF, she removed a floppy-disk from the terminal which was connected to some sort of tablet computer4 via cable. Moments later the air started shimmering in an area before her, warped and some sort of portal opened. She entered the portal which closed behind her.

The surviving guardsman noted that he could see the same room through the portal, which just was painted in another color, and the furniture was designed in some sort of futuristic Bauhaus style.
It is presumed that due to the then inactivity of SCP-028-DE-B it was impossible to open larger portals, which had allowed a larger infiltration of the facility.
Analysis of the terminal's protocols resulted that the SCP-Directory, information about facilities, personnel, security-protocols and especially SCPs that were taken over from the SKP and their positions had been downloaded. These SCPs where immediately relocated and the security of the respective sites was raised.
As Scranton Reality Anchors where unavailable at that time, surveillance cameras had been installed in all hallways and the guards where stocked up, all SCPs where transferred to other facilities, access to the Foundations database was strongly limited and only the SKP's work was researched. Already then it was considered to declare the facility an SCP, but it was not deemed necessary.



Open Incident #028-DE/I2
Open Protocol “Mjölnir” [Clearance level 3/028-DE required]
Open protocol “Ragnarök” [Clearance level 4/O4 required]

+ Show appendix #028-DE/I2-A1 [Clearance level 3/028-DE required]

- Access granted

During the initiating universe-conjunction during incident #028-DE/I2, and during a following unilateral attempt from U-3378-DE to open SCP-028-DE-C, the WLAN's of both facilities connected due to overlapping frequencies. While the network of SCP-028-DE was disconnected from the intranet of the Foundation, and no sensitive data has been transferred, a large portion of the SKP's database as well as several data from the internet there have been downloaded and saved due to the fast reaction of a local IT-technician, particularly SKP-028 (effective 11 months after incident #028-DE/I2), apparently the equivalent of SCP-028-DE in the universe U-3378-DE.
The following is a list of some captured files, accessible with your security clearance level:
    


    
    
    
    



Footnotes
1. Hm = Hume, a measuring unit for the integrity of reality. 2 Hm are standard for Scranton Reality Anchors. A Scranton Reality Anchors is a machine, holding the measure of reality on a certain level by adding or removing reality. Therefore, reality is added or removed from dead or empty universes. See also: JEK-WT01 and JEK-EB02 on the intranet of the main branch.
2. Unofficial designation of the directors council of the German branch.
3. The SKP was a secret organization under direction of Heinrich Himmler, which had arisen from the Hexen-Sonderauftrag of the SS, researched into anomalies and tried to make them useable for war efforts. After the Second World War, the SKP was - at least in our universe - disbanded, their anomalies where transferred to the Foundation and their personnel was, as far as trustworthy, integrated into the SCP-Foundation stationed in Germany and Austria, or terminated.
4. The Guardsman described it as “flat thing the size of ISO A5 paper she tapped on”, tablet-computers did not exist in our universe yet at that time.


                    