
                        

rating: +4+–x


The interior of SCP-125-DE-A.


Item #: SCP-125-DE
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-125-DE is not to be informed about its containment. To ensure its continued cooperation with Foundation personnel in the future, it is also lead to believe that the customs and moral concepts in Europe are still those of the 12th Century. Additionally, the entity is not to be coerced into raising and/or leaving SCP-125-DE-A. Should this occur regardless, it is to be lured into the area of effect of a Scranton Reality Anchor immediately to reestablish containment.
Due to the immobility of SCP-125-DE and SCP-125-DE-A, Outpost-DE34/125 has been constructed in front of the entrance of SCP-125-DE-A. Outpost-DE34/125 is to always be staffed with at least 50 guards and to be equipped with gas and explosive weapons to defend against attacks on the site. Outpost-DE34/125 is to be contacted by other Foundation Sites using radio communication every 30 minutes and is to be asked for its status. Should no answer be received from Outpost-DE34/125, an MTF unit is to be send to check on the situation and- in worst case- prevent a potential takeover of the site by hostile forces.
Efforts are to be undertaken to ensure a healthy population of common ravens (Corvus corax) at least in the area of the Burgberg. Should SCP-125-DE inquire on the presence of common ravens in Burgberg, their presence is to always be affirmed.
For security reasons and to prevent the loss of valuable Foundation equipment, no Scranton Reality Anchors are allowed inside of SCP-125-DE-A.
Description: SCP-125-DE designates a humanoid entity, currently located in a large cavern beneath Burgberg in the Kyffhäuser1. This cavern is part of a tunnel system, which, due to its nature, is designated as SCP-125-DE-A.
SCP-125-DE has the appearance of a man between the ages of 60 and 70. The entity wears a red gown, a golden hoop crown adorned with different gems, and a crucifix; the entity measures 410 cm in height, but weight could not be determined- it is estimated to be around 800 kg. The entity sits on a throne that appears to be made of ivory and rests its head in its hands on a round marble table approximately 8 meters in diameter. The hair of the entity is continuously glowing with an orange-yellow light. SCP-125-DE has a beard that reaches through a hole in the table, down to the ground, and encircles the table approximately six and a half times. SCP-125-DE has yet to be observed taking in sustenance, and is therefore believed to not require any.
Collected data suggests that SCP-125-DE is a class IV reality bending entity. However, it only uses its powers to prevent itself from being harmed, relocated, or further contained in some form, particularly since the Foundation began monitoring; even while using its powers, SCP-125-DE only makes a minimal effort. Hostiles are teleported away a few meters and/or disarmed and persons tasked with moving SCP-125-DE suddenly forget their tasks. Given SCP-125-DE's impaired environmental perception, it is assumed that this is an automated defense mechanism on which the entity exerts no direct influence.
SCP-125-DE seems to be half asleep at all times and reacts very slowly on its environment. It is still possible to hold conversations with it in every desired language, even if it takes very long for SCP-125-DE to formulate a response- most responses are often mumbled. SCP-125-DE claims to be Frederick I, the Holy Roman Emperor (nicknamed "Barbarossa") and states that it was imprisoned in SCP-125-DE-A2. These claims could until now not conclusively verified or dismissed.
The entity sometimes asks present personnel "if there are still ravens on the mountain". This question is always affirmed as of ██/██/████, causing SCP-125-DE to briefly sigh. At the moment, it is unknown if and how the presence of ravens in the area of Burgberg impacts SCP-125-DE, but the population of common ravens in the Kyffhäuser and Burgberg in general was put under observation as a precaution.
The the interior of SCP-125-DE-A is currently not fully explored due to its size and possibly-limitless extents. The exploration is still being conducted. However, 567 life-size granite statues of knights, soldiers, and court servants have already been discovered in the caves, though their relocation for further study was not possible due to narrow spaces in SCP-125-DE-A3. The cave system itself possess three anomalous properties; firstly, it is not possible to enter SCP-125-DE using other ways than its entrance. During attempts to burrow into the cave system from outside, the excavation crews only hit solid rock which fills out the entire space SCP-125-DE-A is supposed to occupy. Secondly, it is impossible to permanently damage SCP-125-DE-A, as any damage is repaired within seconds due to the passive effects of SCP-125-DE. Thirdly, any human entity inside of SCP-125-DE-A is shown to have intimate knowledge of the cave system from a practical standpoint, despite having never set foot in it. This third effect can be counteracted by actively focusing on reaching a different goal or area.
SCP-125-DE-A appears to have been created by the abilities demonstrated by SCP-125-DE and seems to only exist as long as it is maintained by the entity. This circumstance complicates the containment of SCP-125-DE, because it cannot be exposed to Scranton reality anchors in its current state. If such a device is transported inside SCP-125-DE-A, it immediately erases the space influenced by reality bending in its area of effect and is subsequently removed from existence together with all matter in its area of effect. The lost space is replaced instantly after this sudden disappearance.
Why SCP-125-DE claims to be imprisoned in a space created by itself is not known at this time. However, Dr. Stramm theorizes that the entity is only entrapped in SCP-125-DE-A because it believes itself to be imprisoned and activates its reality bending capabilities as a consequence.

Interview 125-DE-1

Close


Interviewing: Dr. Stramm
Interviewee: SCP-125-DE
Foreword: Dr. Stramm had sat down besides SCP-125-DE and talked to it until it started responding. SCP-125-DE only spoke slowly and quietly during the interview. Additionally, it took the entity ten to one hundred and twenty seconds to respond to Dr. Stramms inquiries.
<Start Log>
SCP-125-DE: Hrm… Your tenacity is admirable… What doth thou want from me?
Dr. Stramm: (sighs.) Finally. SCP-125-DE, my name is Dr. Stramm, I am here to ask you a few questions.
SCP-125-DE: Your manners… leave much to be desired… compared to my last guests.
(Silence for 21 seconds.)
Dr. Stramm: I am truly sorry, should not I have insulted you. You must know, I do not always have the pleasure to talk to polite men such as you.
SCP-125-DE: Mmh… Thy misstep… shall hereby be forgiven… Do tell, who might be this Eszepeonetwofivedeeh?
Dr. Stramm: That is the name we have given you.
SCP-125-DE: Thou doth not know… my name? Some of my… last guests told me… that there is a legend told about… this mountain, referring to me. Doth thou… not know it, by chance?
Dr. Stramm: Well, I do, but our protocol mandates to name you as such.
SCP-125-DE: Hrm… Thou art here… in my realm… only tolerated by me because I imagine to profit from it… and thou will call me by my… my name… Frederick I… Holy Roman Emperor…
(Silence for 15 seconds.)
Dr. Stramm: As you wish, your majesty. If you allow me some curiosity, according to the records you drowned 820 years ago. In the River Saleph, while on a crusade. Is that true?
SCP-125-DE: This is true… but with my death… I became more than mere man.
Dr. Stramm: Why?
SCP-125-DE: Hmm, I doth not know… a definite answer to this question. Perhaps, I am… still here because my people wished for it. A single, tremendous wish… from many… or just one… doth thou believe such a thing to be possible?
Dr. Stramm: Who knows? But even if this is the reason, you seem to be trapped here. Do you know why?
SCP-125-DE: Mmm… I doth not know why. Perhaps it is not… not the right time yet… As foretold by the legend… What I doth know is this, that I can leave… this cave only then when the ravens have left the mountain. Are the ravens… still here?
Dr. Stramm: Sadly, yes. What would you do if you were free?
SCP-125-DE: Mmh… I… always tried to protect my people, to bestow luck upon them… to cull injustice… I shall proceed with it. This time… with the powers of the Almighty. I will bring back the Empire to its former glory… I will free the Holy Land… I will lead the church back… on its path of sobriety and… not least will bring justice and order to Italy… Doth thou not think… these to be noble and virtuous goals?
Dr. Stramm: Err… oh yes, I really believe that. You are undertaking great things…
SCP-125-DE: Thy praise… pleases me… Doth thou wish to know… something else?
Dr. Stramm: Err, yes, indeed. You said others had been here before us. Who were they?
SCP-125-DE: Hrm… I doth not have a sense of time anymore… there have always been lone people… finding this cave by luck, perhaps… telling me about the… the legend I… I hath become. I saw in them… I saw in them… nothing but tomfoolery. They all hath intended to show this cave… to others… Wanted to use me to their… their own end… as if I was a dog performing tricks. I only asked… them for the ravens… and then… let them forget. Some time ago, there came whole hordes. They said they were part of a scholar group… but they only told half truths. But they did not want me for their own gain, but for that of the country… so I let them be… They brought strange apparatuses here and then away again… and finally vanished… But before that… one of them… tried to sway me to their side… to let me fight for their system of rule… that hath not ended well… for him… people without a king, without nobles… preposterous…
Dr. Stramm: I see, I think I know who you mean. What of anybody else?
SCP-125-DE: Yes, one day… it can't have been that long ago… A man came… a very polite and knowledgeable man… he hath taken notice from me through… through the group of scholars. We had a long talk… we bonded with each other, because we had similar views… Before he left… he promised me to free me, so we could… realize our vision together…
Dr. Stramm: Did this man tell you his name?
SCP-125-DE: Yes… He called himself… called himself Mr. Rass4.
<Log End>
Closing Statements: SCP-125-DE did not respond to further questions of Dr. Stramm and started to snore quietly.
"Given our gathered data, we should prevent SCP-125-DE from ever leaving SCP-125-DE-A at all costs. After all, it originated from the 12th Century and therefore it possesses completely different moral values than modern society, especially regarding the Italians and Arabs. So, if it breaks free, we may likely face a CK Class Reality Restructuring Scenario due to its powers." - Dr. Stramm




Discovery: The Foundation learned about SCP-125-DE on 01/02/2010, when Research Team 25 completed the restoration of several documents of Section XXV5. Subsequently, an assessment team was dispatched to the stated location and enacted the first containment after locating the entrance to SCP-125-DE.

Restored Documentation regarding SCP-125-DE

LOG OUT



Steinthaleben, 18. 01. 1971



Ministry of State Security


Section XXV
Research report regarding Project Neuschrift
Our measured data lead us to our goal. Right beneath Burgberg (█████-█████) we found the true cave of Emperor Barbarossa. The person seems to be still alive and is willing to talk. It seems to be capable of vast reality changes. It could be of great use to the socialist citizens and the SED.



Berlin, 19. 01. 1971



Ministry of State Security


Section XXV
Project Neuschrift, officer orders
The subject is not to be bothered with such things. It stands to reason that it, as a former monarch, will not be to pleased by the socialist system. You and your comrades focus on your analysis, the exploration of the cave and the securing of the perimeter.

Signed: Officer Konstantin Mader




Steinthaleben, 12. 11. 1971



Ministry of State Security


Section XXV
Research report regarding Project Neuschrift
Our analysis has been successfully completed. That means we are still on schedule and can proceed with the project.



Berlin, 13. 11. 1971



Ministry of State Security


Section XXV
Project Neuschrift, officer orders
You are hereby ordered to remove all research tools and to return to Berlin. Securing the perimeter will be ensured by other assets of Section XXV.

Signed: Officer Konstantin Mader




Steinthaleben, 18. 06. 1973



Ministry of State Security


Section XXV
Report regarding Object 953
Today at 9:30 am comrade Samuel Neuner has initiated contact with the object. He acted against his orders and tried to persuade the object into cooperating with us. The rest of the present personnel came only to watch as comrade Neuner was lifted into the air and ripped into several pieces. During this event, the entire Kyffhäuser was subjected to a weak but noticeable earthquake.



Berlin, 19. 06. 1973



Ministry of State Security


Section XXV
Reorganization order regarding the security of Object 953
All records regarding the earthquake in the Kyffhäuser from 18/06/1973 are to be destroyed and persons bringing it up in public are to be defamed. From now on, nobody is allowed to enter the cave of Object 953 without approval of the officer of Section XXV. Should somebody in Section XXV question this order, they are to be directed towards a witness of comrade Samuel Neuner's death.

Signed: Officer Konstantin Mader





Addendum 125-DE-1: On ██/██/████ Outpost-DE34/125 was attacked by 52 entities with a strong resemblance to SCP-094-DE6. Assets of the Foundation at the scene had only anticipated human aggressors and could consequently only stall the attackers. It turned out that explosive weapons were necessary to fully neutralize the entities, because they remained able to act as long as they had at least one appendage remaining. MTF-DE6-𝔇 "Das Aufgebot" ("The Draft") was dispatched with appropriate equipment and, after 2 hours, could successfully fend off the attack. All attackers were successfully neutralized, the Foundation sustained 29 causalities and 33 wounded. During the analysis of the remains, it became apparent that all neutralized entities were marked with the logo of the GoI known as Fourth Reich. After this incident, the Special Containment Procedures were updated accordingly.
Addendum 125-DE-2: Since ██/██/████, the population of common ravens in the Kyffhäuser is subject to an increasing number of cases of parasite infection. Efforts are underway to maintain the population.

Footnotes
1. Translators note: A mountain range located Thuringia and Saxonia-Anhalt, Germany.
2. Translators Note: This mirrors a legend well known in Germany about the Kyffhäuser, regarding a "King in the Mountain". According to the myth, Barbarossa got entrapped inside Burgberg after his death and put into a slumber. He would be able to leave once his beard had grown three times around the table at which he is seated and once the ravens had left the mountain. It is said he would then lead Germany to a bright future.
3. Translators Note: In some iterations of the Burgberg myth it is mentioned that Barbarossa would emerge together with his entire court.
4. Translators Note: Mr Rass is the founder and leader of the german GoI Fourth Reich, aiming to take over Germany and install his own regime.
5. Translators Note: An anomaly research department of the Stasi.
6. Translators note: SCP-094-DE are animated welded metalframes in the form of humanoids with a human soul bound to them. How to seperate the soul from the body is currently unknown, making it impossible to truly kill instances.


                    