
                        

rating: +16+–x

Item #: SCP-077-DE
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-077-DE is to be contained in a 12 x 1.5 x 2 m room. Several fans are to be located on the walls and ceiling of the containment chamber. Said fans must remain active at all times, as to prevent SCP-077-DE from attaching its threads to the walls and spinning a net. The door may only be opened if surveillance cameras have confirmed that SCP-077-DE is located at the far end of the room. Employees may enter the cell exclusively in groups of no less than four (4), two (2) of whom must be armed. Only heterosexual male and homosexual female employees are to be given access to the containment chamber.
Description: The appearance of SCP-077-DE is, most of the time, that of a ca. 25 year old white male human. In this form, most observers (especially homosexual males) describe him as irresistibly attractive. Should SCP-077-DE detect a homosexual male near him1, SCP-077-DE will attempt to seduce this person and lure him into a suitable, secluded area, such as internally lockable rooms.
From this moment on, SCP-077-DE will try to initiate intimate body contact, usually of sexual nature. During this process, SCP-077-DE injects a fast-acting, paralyzing venom that makes it impossible for the victim to move or call for help, via a small stinger located on the tongue of SCP-077-DE2.
Following this, SCP-077-DE takes on its secondary form, which resembles a humanoid version of an arachnid from the family Araneae (web spiders). The metamorphosis takes exactly twelve (12) seconds during which the following events take place: SCP-077-DE's limbs are split, giving it the eight limbs characteristic for arachnids; the thorax takes on the form of an arachnid prosoma; the abdomen morphs into an arachnid opisthosoma. In this form SCP-077-DE can reach speeds of up to 60 km/h.
Afterwards, SCP-077-DE will proceed to spin its victim into a cocoon of a tear-resistant version of spider silk3 before it starts consuming the victim. SCP-077-DE requires about 7 minutes for the complete consumption of an average sized adult man.
Studies have shown that SCP-077-DE, when in human form, emits pheromones that when inhaled by subjects4 activates certain areas of the brain associated with sexual arousal, causing the subjects to feel strongly attracted to SCP-077-DE, though not immediately infatuated requiring SCP-077-DE to employ verbal seduction techniques.
SCP-077-DE seems to possess human intelligence. However, more accurate research suggests that it is guided by instincts and that its flirts are a reflexive hunting technique. Interrogation of SCP-077-DE has revealed neither anything about SCP-077-DE's origin nor the reasons behind its preference of homosexual men.
Addendum 30.07.20██: During incident ███-██, SCP-077-DE temporarily escaped from its cell, whereupon it wandered around Site-DE6 in its arachnid form, killed several employees (irrespective of gender and sexuality), and, seemingly by accident, got into the cell of SCP-023-DE-01 before it could be immobilized by a task force. SCP-023-DE-01 later stated that it had seen a stylized number and a stylized letter on SCP-077-DE's abdomen. Site Manager Dr. ██████ allowed Dr. Klanic to examine SCP-077-DE the way SCP-023-DE-01 described it. Dr. Klanic confirmed the stylized symbols. It has yet to be confirmed whether these characters, recognized as <4R>, are a natural pattern which can only be seen while using SCP-023-DE, or whether these characters indicate that SCP-077-DE was branded by somebody or something else.

Security Clearance Level 4 or higher is needed.

Security Clearance confirmed. Access granted


Note from Dr. Klanic, 29.09.20██
Last week I was called by a colleague from Salzburg. There was a massacre in a gay bar. An MTF arrived and killed the creature responsible: an anthropomorphic hunting spider. With the use of SCP-023-DE, two characters, <4R>, were discovered on the abdomen. All's well that ends well, right?
But we do still have a slight problem: SCP-077-DE has never turned into anything other than an anthropomorphic web-spider, and there are no indications that it could turn into a hunting spider. Oh, and besides, SCP-077-DE is alive and well in its cell and has been in custody for two months.
This <4R> on 077-DEs abdomen… I think we should find out what that means before these creatures kill even more innocent people or stop limiting themselves to the 10% of the population that automatically excludes children and pregnant women.
Or before a humanoid funnel-web spider suddenly shows up, because then we would be absolutely ██████.





Footnotes
1. Tests have shown that SCP-077-DE determines this in an entirely non-anomalous manner through observation and inquiries.
2. Follow-up studies have shown that this venom is almost identical to the anesthetic toxin of SCP-069-DE. For more detailed information, see Examination-Protocol G-069-077-01.
3. Said silk is also used by SCP-077-DE to weave nets to catch additional victims or trap pursuers.
4. Primarily homosexual men and, to a lesser extent, heterosexual women.


                    