
                        

rating: +1+–x


Photograph of SCP-ES-030 taken at 192█.


Item #: SCP-ES-030
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-ES-030 is inside a 1m X 1m X 1m glass case. The containment chamber of SCP-ES-030 is located at Site-34. At least two guards must remain at the entrance to the containment cell of SCP-ES-030 at all times.
No member of the essential research staff shall remain within the radius of effect of SCP-ES-030 for more than 12 continuous hours. Tests carried out have determined that the radius of psyche-disturbing effect of SCP-ES-030 is 40 45 50 meters. Personnel who are known to suffer from auditory, visual, olfactory hallucinations or abnormal behaviors towards SCP-ES-030 should be referred and evaluated in the Department of Psychology of Site-34 for further treatment and rehabilitation in other dependencies.
Description: SCP-ES-030 is the mummified body of a girl between 8 and 10 years of age at the time of her death subjected to the Inca ritual of qhapaq hucha1. Tests of Carbon-14 determined the date of death around the fifteenth century. The cause of death was a puncture wound in the left hemithorax caused by a sharp object that entered through the back, leaving through the chest through the diaphragm, causing hemorrhagic shock as well as destruction of important internal organs. Said cause of death would not correspond to other mummies subjected to the ceremony of the qhapaq hucha.
SCP-ES-030 is in almost perfect conditions of conservation, with a constant temperature of 36, 6 ºC in addition to maintaining the elasticity of the skin and other soft tissues. However, various tests have ruled out any sign of life in SCP-ES-030.
SCP-ES-030 has the peculiarity of inducing any human being within a radius of 45 50 meters to the cult and veneration of its figure, the affected subjects proceeding to offer food, floral offerings, candles, religious images, besides trying to change the original clothes of SCP-ES-030 with similar ones2.
The subjects will gradually begin to neglect the attention of their vital needs in order to improve the "wellbeing" of SCP-ES-030. The subjects will initially be organized into groups dedicated both to attend SCP-ES-030 and to meet the needs of the group, mainly to obtain food. However, the second group will gradually decrease by dedicating its members exclusively to attend SCP-ES-030 so that gradually the affected group will expire, in most cases by dehydration or exhaustion. A small portion of the subjects, approximately █% of the affected subjects, will proceed to [CENSORED] in order to preserve themselves to continue caring for and maintaining SCP-ES-030.
Recovery Notes: SCP-ES-030 was initially recovered by Mr. █████████ and ████████ at the top of Cerro ████████ in Salta , Argentina, in the year 192█. Once in a local town, a small cult was started around SCP-ES-030, where villagers would light candles and give them offerings. Subsequent investigations determined that Mr. █████ purchased SCP-ES-030 as a form of payment for a mummy with similar characteristics3.
Mr. █████ was suspected of being one of the first members of the Antares Society, as well as being the first "Hammer". On the night of December 24, 196█, all contact with him and his family is lost. Additional investigations are subsequently given with his whereabouts in a country house belonging to him in [CENSORED] on January 20, 196█, being found by members of MTF Delta-5 ("Relic Hunters") together with his family and other subjects, presumably employees of the same, in addition to SCP-ES-030 which were [CENSORED] being the eldest son of Mr. █████ the only survivor found in the place.
During the transport and investigation of SCP-ES-030 the personnel involved began to develop hallucinations of different kinds, in addition to drastic changes in behavior. Once the effect radius of SCP-ES-030 was determined, the current containment procedures were formulated. SCP-ES-030 is considered content successfully from ██/██/197█.
Incident I-030-7: On February 27, 2008, all radio contact with the security personnel was lost, in addition to the failure of the electrical system and surveillance in the corridors, around the security camera containment of SCP-ES-030. Once this was detected, additional security personnel were deployed, and the security personnel who were monitoring SCP-ES-030 [DATA EXPUNGED] were found, so they were transferred to the Medical Department for stabilization and care.
Once the containment chamber of SCP-ES-030 was accessed, it was found facing the western wall where a series of scribbled characters were found. The material used has not yet been identified.

+ Level 3 or higher staff

 - Access granted

Transcription of the characters found on the western wall of the containment cell of SCP-ES-030. To access original photographs and additional material consult Dr. Zerda.

Four maidens were chosen to bring the new Inti and the new Mamaquilla to the world, to bring new life where only death reigned, to numb Supay and the children of La Salamanca. The chosen one was the smallest and the smallest of them. One day it would bring the seed of hope and renew a wizened world.
But they did not want it. They were afraid to follow the fate of Kon's children. The Inca chose them for Capac Cocha and they were taken to the four corners of the empire. All were taken but the youngest still resisted, the gods refused to take it. Impatient, the betrayed michuq pierced his heart. The pain of his tormentors was so great that they could not avoid taking care of her as she did when she was alive. They fed her, but she did not eat. They dressed her, but she did not feel cold. Their executioners never left the sanctuary and while their bones were scattered by the condor and the puma, the queen of the sanctuary sleeps awaiting her destiny.
Now you protect it, you assure it, you contain it. They keep it away from the descendants of those who swore to protect it with their lives, but also from those who seek to destroy it or use it as a mere memory. Not all treasures are gold, nor is everything that lies eternally dead. I can not stop them, but I can not help either.

Analysis of the text by Dr. Zerda: The text written on the western wall of the containment cell of SCP-ES-030 seems to be a summarized history of it. According to different documents and oral traditions collected by chroniclers and staff of the Foundation, it is speculated that SCP-ES-030 was chosen by some kind of deity or intelligence as its "carrier" or "mother" allowing it to come to this world to "renew" it. Such renewal would imply the destruction of the old and corrupt world together with the humanity present in it.
This "renovation" was seen as a very threat to existence by the Inca society, this event could possibly be seen today as an XK type End-of-the-World Scenario. As a countermeasure, the ritual sacrifice of the qhapaq piggy was presented to both SCP-ES-030 and other young women with whom they would have had a degree of kinship. For some reason this ritual did not materialize since SCP-ES-030 would have survived longer than the average so the michuq judge in charge of the ritual would have executed SCP-ES-030 causing its death.
From this point on, the exact destination of the delegation that accompanied SCP-ES-030 to the top of the hill ████████ which served as a sanctuary or temple of the Inca empire is unknown. According to different oral traditions of the Diaguita, Calchaquí and Quilmes cultures, the members of this entourage proceeded to adore and care for SCP-ES-030 until all the subjects died as a result of exhaustion and adverse high mountain conditions.
A possible theory about the behavior change of the subjects affected by SCP-ES-030 is that they are not necessarily induced by it, but by certain "force" that is around it, so the anomaly it would not necessarily be SCP-ES-030 but that which "envelops" it with a current effect radius of 50 meters.
Regarding the possible author of said text, it is speculated that it is the Person of Interest named Dante since its mode of action is similar to that observed in other events that affected other SCP articles related to it. Safety personnel are advised to be alert in case of any anomaly detected during the monitoring turns of the containment cell of SCP-ES-030.





« SCP-ES-029 | SCP-ES-030| SCP-ES-031 »



Footnotes
1. Quechua: Real Obligation.
2. Preferably those of animal origin, in particular American camelids.
3. This mummy has no anomalous characteristics and due to its high public knowledge it is currently found under close surveillance by the Fundación staff.


                    