
                        

rating: +8+–x
    



The following is the SCP-ES-199 version dated ██/██/2010




Item #: SCP-ES-199
Level 3/SCP-ES-199


Object Class: Euclid
Classified



Special Containment Procedures: Given the nature of SCP-ES-199, its containment should be focused on misinformation of the population with respect to SCP-ES-199-A instances. All SCP-ES-199-A instances known hitherto must be guarded by at least two guards equipped with Class-A amnestics. Any civilian will be urged not to approach instances of SCP-ES-199-A, and if necessary, the use of force should be used. If any civilian becomes aware of any SCP-ES-199-A instance, they should be amnestized and taken to the nearest town.
New test requests must be approved by 2 members of Level 3 Staff within 1 week.
Description: SCP-ES-199 is the joint designation of SCP-ES-199-A, -B and -C.
SCP-ES-199-A denotes a set of doors located in countries whose official language is Spanish. SCP-ES-199-A instances are unique by country and are located in psychiatric hospitals that were of importance, but which are currently in ruins or derelict. The characteristics of SCP-ES-199-A instances vary by country, but they are related by the fact of possessing antimemetic qualities that make it impossible for subjects who have not been educated since birth under the Spanish language to recognize them. In spite of this, any subject will be able to go through SCP-ES-199-A, functioning as an interdimensional portal towards SCP-ES-199-B.
SCP-ES-199-B is a Rupture-Higgs Bubble1 measuring 6km3 located in Theta-Prime Multiversal Iteration2. SCP-ES-199-B features a central structure (from now on SCP-ES-199-C) which changes its appearance triannually and is characterized by being a psychiatric hospital that has garnered great popularity in its country of origin, being these countries those that host an SCP-ES-199-A instance.


To date, the appearance of SCP-ES-199-C is a duplicate of the psychiatric hospital "La Castañeda", located in Mexico.


SCP-ES-199-C is surrounded in its entirety by a rehabilitation campus, functioning and inhabited by three types of sentient, sapient, and speech capable entities, labeled as SCP-ES-199-1, -2, and -3.
Either SCP-ES-199-1 and -2 appear to be workers of SCP-ES-199-C who perform various functions. SCP-ES-199-1 instances are entities that correspond to humanoids with characteristics of the species Equus ferus caballus, which fulfill the functions of nursing and janitorial services; while SCP-ES-199-2 instances correspond to humanoids with characteristics of the species Lama glama glama, which fulfill the positions of medical and administrative specialists.
SCP-ES-199-3 instances are anthropomorphic beings with characteristics of the Cathartidae family that fulfill the role of inmates. They have shown signs of severe mental deterioration, and many of them have attempted to escape from SCP-ES-199-C, being captured by SCP-ES-199-1 instances and later placed in solitary confinement.
Both SCP-ES-199-1, -2 and -3 follow a pattern of height and weight relative to the species they represent, in addition to speaking fluent Spanish, being to date the only language spoken within SCP-ES-199-B.
Either SCP-ES-199-1 and -2 are polite to all subjects entering SCP-ES-199-B, providing their services as "mind healers" and offering them a tour throughout SCP-ES-199-C. Subjects in SCP-ES-199-B will have complete freedom from their actions as long as they are not hostile, entering and exiting SCP-ES-199-B whenever they wish, and being able to engage in conversations with SCP-ES-199-1, -2 and -3.
If a subject accepts the services of SCP-ES-199-1 or -2, the subject will be exempt from all cognitive alterations3. Subjects will be institutionalized in SCP-ES-199-C and will be impossible to retrieve them for a minimum period of 3 days4. When this period ends and another subject is within SCP-ES-199-B, the inmate will be returned cognitively healthy5, along with a SCP-ES-199-2 instance, where the latter will deliver the inmate and a note6 to some subject within SCP-ES-199-B. All attempts to date to record what occurred within SCP-ES-199-C have been unsuccessful.
Addendum-ES-199-01: Discovery of SCP-ES-199
The first SCP-ES-199-A instance dates from ██/██/2008, following the Wiskey-Theta Incident, in an attempt to open a portal to Theta-Prime Multiversal Iteration by the Foundation.
During the Beta opening of the portal, there was a massive containment breach, where ██ transdimensional objects fled. One of these objects was detected as an ontometeor7 with autonomous mobility. Suddenly, the ontometeor attacked the personnel in the place in an erratic way, murdering the Researcher [DATA EXPUNGED], escaping from the place and not seen again detected until ██/██/2008, when it was spotted creating an SCP-ES-199-A instance. An effort was made to stop this object by using a Scranton Reality Anchor housed in [REDACTED], where the arrival of the object was predicted according to its movement pattern, which was unsuccessful.
The object continued to creating SCP-ES-199-A instances until ██/██/2009, when all anomalous activity ceased. Currently, efforts are being made to find out the reason for its movement pattern.
Addendum-ES-199-02: Testing Log
The following is an overview of the tests carried out within SCP-ES-199-C. All tests were conducted in the same procedure: a test subject was assigned a SCP-ES-199-1 or -2 instance and an agent was placed within SCP-ES-199-B awaiting the test subject.
For a full disclosure, refer to Experimental Document-ES-199.

+ Show Testing Log

- Hide Testing Log



N#: 04
Subject: D-40698
Elapsed Time: 3 days


Psychiatric Profile: Male, 30 years old. Hereditary anxiety.


Outcoming Note: We had to take away the sugar for three days, including his sugar. He wouldn't stop crying, we couldn't even calm him down by licking him, so we had to beat him. But that's all, he's a new man.


N#: 08
Subject: D-40700
Elapsed Time: 7 days


Psychiatric Condition: Female, 26 years old. Pedophilia.


Outcoming Note: We offered her a [REDACTED], and she saw us funny. We told her she could do whatever she wanted, and you know what she did, yeah, that, and it blew up in her face! A [REDACTED] bath, while the tentacles made her see what [REDACTED] saw. She can go back with you.


N#: 13
Subject: D-40699
Elapsed Time: 3 days


Psychiatric Condition: Female, 35 years old. Homosexual, no significant cognitive alterations.


Outcoming Note: We played poker, watched TV, drank, destroyed facilities, parties everywhere, something that hadn't happened to us in years. And not only that, I had sex with her, and… Oh shit, I guess I shouldn't have said that. What she really had wasn't bad, but apparently, it's not bad anymore… I don't know whether to apologize.


N#: 17
Subject: D-41530
Elapsed Time: 3 days


Psychiatric Condition: Male, 24 years old. Heterosexual, no significant cognitive alterations.


Outcoming Note: We did men's things: arm wrestling, watching football games, drinking, drinking, fighting, being stupid, more drinking. They should bring us more of these. I think, we went a little crazy at parties and I… I ended up, you know, ugh, don't tell anyone I changed the wiring.


N#: 24
Subject: D-41265
Elapsed Time: 14 days


Psychiatric Condition: Female, 34 years old. Clinical depression, previous suicide attempts


Outcoming Note: Who am I? Where am I? Where am I going? That girl didn't know how to answer us, and we had to make her answer those questions. We talked to her, we took her by the hair, we told her things the devil wouldn't even say, we didn't do anything physical to her, but we made her feel like shit so she could answer these questions. And on the tenth day she was released from her own prison, and we celebrated, and we killed some patients, and we drank their blood. And now it's a new person.


Note: Despite the above, D-41265 has shown no signs that could classify her as a potential killer. We do not really know how the methods of these guys work, but they seem to stretch into the savage to get somewhere. Things that are ethically and morally unthinkable here are used there to heal. But they are just assumptions. We have tried to record what happens inside during 6 tests, and we have lost a lot of money on those retinal implants8, to finally record only screams, supplications, machines, a white padded room, more horses and llamas… It really shook me every time they took the camera out of the subjects. With nothing to put them to sleep. — Project Head, Researcher Andrés Mondragón.


N#: 27
Subject: D-42510
Elapsed Time: 3 days


Psychiatric Condition: Female, 20 years old. Affective bipolar disorder.


Outcoming Note: Split, subtract, hit. It wasn't really difficult, some adjustments on its left side to make it as less evil as possible and ready. Apart from incinerating that part, but well, we were able to replicate it to perfection. Enjoy.


N#: 31
Subject: D-42156
Elapsed Time: 31 days


Psychiatric Condition: Female, 45 years old. Philarguric Disorder


Outcoming Note: This woman is a bitch. She was, I mean… 31 fucking days telling her that money wasn't everything in life, but she went on and on. We even took away her fucking hands, but she put them between her stumps, bleeding out and everything. Then there were the legs so that she wouldn't walk- FUCK, NO! Was she levitating? No no, I'm sure it didn't, it crawled, and it covered us all with blood. Then we vivisected her to see what he had, why did she act the way she did? We found a lot of metal in his stomach and liquid from Beyond the Horizon9. And obviously, it was that we ended up extracting it, and at the end, we were left with a few gold coins, many, I would say. Thank you for your collaboration!


Note: Unbelievable, a Class-D affected by SCP-ES-150 that did not end with the trachea turned to ashes. You should consider that either in that place something like the concept of death does not exist, or they artificially sustained her life. But not only that, they cured her of the physical effects. I should try something more… physical. — Senior Researcher Von Braun.


N#: 35
Subject: D-42023
Elapsed Time: Returned instantly


Psychiatric Condition: Male, 67 years old. Alzheimer's disease.


Outcoming Note: Hey, man, I don't know what you brought us. We're not really neurosurgeons, we're life-changing people. Please, this is very sad.


N#: 39
Subject: D-42125
Elapsed Time: 3 days


Psychiatric Condition: Male, 72 years old. Paraphagic Bacillus.


Outcoming Note: Another subject with a high liquid content from Beyond the Horizon. It is not known for sure what it is and what it does, but luckily there is a cure for it. So, you know, we opened it, we took the liquid out of it, and that was it. Nothing of importance.


Note: Well, that was inconclusive. We do not really know at all when it affects or does not affect subjects infected with pathogens that can disrupt behavior. The hypothesis currently used on these events is that of a connection between the affected anomalies and the Theta-Prime Multiversal Iteration. — Senior Researcher Von Braun.


N#: 43
Subject: D-42164
Elapsed Time: 5 days


Psychiatric Condition: Female, 26 years old. Constellate Syndrome.


Outcoming Note: And I touched the fifth vertebra, and a voice resounded in the room. Stellar dust arose, pinkly speckled, passing over our faces. I approached him and he said to me: "Know, therefore, here in my world of five corners and five suns, the truth to your despair", and she showed me a starfish, made up of 25 colorless green stars in their magnificence. I answered, "You who know me, Lord, accept my obeisances, and enlighten me, O great one". He touched my forehead, and I knew what I had to do. I remembered the colorless green of the stars, and I painted my patient's eyes of the purest green that exists. Because it only exists in the mind. Hail Five! One less of your herd is not a shed tear, for you are great, Lord. Hail Star!


N#: 49
Subject: D-40236
Elapsed Time: 10 days


Psychiatric Condition: Female, 24 years old. Racial Disorder-ES-082.


Outcoming Note: She's not worthy! She will have to answer to the gods for her perjury, filthy! You touched our children, they tied them up and made them cultivate their lands, make their clothes, make their food. She is filthy, and it must atone her sins. And we will help her.


Note: D-40236 was returned [REDACTED]. It is believed that both SCP-ES-199-1 and -2 have some relation with the American pre-Columbian era. More research is being done on cognito-hazards related to the pre-Columbian period. — Senior Researcher Von Braun.
Note 2: Since the beginning of the tests, there has been an increase in the number of SCP-ES-199-3 instances. Further studies are being carried out. — Project Head, Researcher Andrés Mondragón.


N#: 53
Subject: D-41635
Elapsed Time: 3 days


Psychiatric Condition: Male, 27 years old. Suprafictional Dissociation Syndrome.


Outcoming Note: He had a vivid mind, he even thought he could fly, but he said he hadn't figured out how yet. We took it to the tenth floor, and threw it from there, and waited until it could fly… Well, in the end, we had to put it back together and let him know the hard truth. It was sad, we really don't like doing it this way. I once wanted to be a superhero, but we know that in this reality that's stupid. I think… yes, that's it…


Note: I wonder if after all, these beings have human feelings. The note was found splashed with water which, if I look well, makes me suspect that they are tears. Regarding the test subject: D-41635 was returned without any cognitive anomaly. — Project Head, Researcher Andrés Mondragón.



Addendum-ES-199-03: Incident-ES-199-062
On ██/██/2010, experiment N#62 was conducted with a contained Transentropic Parasitic Pattern (TPP) instance, which had been classified as safe for its containment and use. The following is the experiment that caused the incident


N#: 62
Subject: D-42365
Elapsed Time: Returned instantly


Psychiatric Condition: Male, 20 years old. TPP


Outcoming Note: Don't bring us your disgusting heresies! We had to deal with this shit a long time ago, we were devastated by the filth of the Pattern. This Institute was not the same due to despair, we were consumed…, and anger, and, and, we closed everything, YES YES, we closed the portals, that's it! We swore never again to heal those-who-fought-against-what-they-are. You don't want our joy, you want us to help you defeat the Creeping Evil, and therefore, DO NOT COME BACK!


Thereafter, all SCP-ES-199-A instances began to disappear. Two Foundation operatives stationed inside SCP-ES-199-B and D-42365 were trapped inside it during the incident.
To date, SCP-ES-199 has not manifested itself in any way. Reclassification to neutralized pending approval.

This document was updated on ██/██/2011 »


Footnotes
1. The Rupture-Higgs Bubbles are large areas of space encapsulated by a layer that is a self-contained alteration of the Higgs Field, causing the immediate disintegration of the matter that comes into contact with it. The Rupture-Higgs Bubbles are generally trans-dimensional in nature, being these a limit between dimensions.
2. Under the code name "Amarsque", this iteration is currently being investigated for cognito-hazardous anomalies under the Project Rebirth. More information in Document PR-005.
3. The definition of cognitive alteration based on experiments has been ambiguous, but they seem to react positively to alterations that represent a danger/discomfort to the subject or to other subjects, and imprecisely to subjects without disorders.
4. At the moment there is a total of 2 subjects that could not be retrieved from SCP-ES-199-C.
5. The inmates have stated that they do not remember anything about what happened inside SCP-ES-199-C.
6. The analysis of the notes granted by SCP-ES-199-2 instances has shown to be related to the cognitive alterations of the inmate, showing the procedures taken or some informative report on this disorder.
7. An ontometeor is a visible mass of humes with a baseline reality higher than normal, sometimes called "clouds of humes" because of their similarity with these.
8. At the time of this writing, retinal implants are classified as a test period technology. Through biological engineering, a low-resolution video capture system was created that takes the images projected on the retina and transforms them into digital information.
9. Thought to refer to the limits of SCP-ES-199-B


    
    
    
    
                    