
                        

rating: +5+–x


SCP-ES-091-3.


Item #: SCP-ES-091
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: The only access road to SCP-ES-091 will be demolished with heavy machinery, armed surveillance will be established by four agents of the Foundation in eight-hour shifts, who will patrol the perimeter of the town, all person who is caught nearby or in the vicinity will be detained and interrogated, and then expelled. If the interrogation warrants, Class A amnesia will be administered.
All agents assigned to surveillance should have an excellent physical condition and have no family history of cancer, diabetes, dwarfism, Down syndrome, congenital malformations or other hereditary diseases, for at least three generations. They will also undergo psychological tests on a weekly basis. The same requirements will apply to any member of the Foundation assigned to SCP-ES-091, it can only be entered for experimental purposes, for which the authorization of at least two researchers Level 3 is required.
Description: SCP-ES-091 is a small uninhabited village located 60 km from the city of █████████, in the pre-cordilleran area of southern Chile, which is nestled in a valley surrounded by rugged hills covered with forests, with a single dirt road that connects with the outside, bordering a ravine. The nearest inhabited sites are two small towns located 8 and 10 kilometers away respectively.
The town consists of a series of buildings, designated SCP-ES-091-1 to SCP-ES-091-16, although there are indications that a fire, on an undetermined date, destroyed part of the town. Most of the buildings are cabins, along with a school, a small church and a hospital, plus SCP-ES-091-17, a small cemetery. There are also remains of plantations, corrals, hives and cages for animals, everything necessary for the town to be self-sustaining. All SCP-ES-091 has clearly been abandoned for at least two decades.
The exploration of SCP-ES-091-17 has revealed ██ bodies inside the place, 16 of which correspond to babies less than 3 months, in several cases probably newborns. A more detailed analysis of their remains indicate that at least 12 of them had genetic abnormalities such as osteogenesis imperfecta, anencephaly and Down syndrome, the remaining bodies have not been able to draw conclusions, as well as establish the causes of death.
A common grave with 12 bodies was also discovered, all of them died violently due to traumas associated with blows or shots, 3 were found with their hands tied and with bullet holes in the skull, possibly executed. All died around the same date, 25 to 30 years ago. The rest of the bodies found died due to natural causes or accidents.
SCP-ES-091-7 is a building slightly larger than the rest of the cabins, in which there was an armory, now completely empty, electronic equipment for communication via radio, partially destroyed by blows, and a series of underground rooms whose purpose, apparently, was to serve as cells. In one of the rooms of the upper level was found the skeleton of a woman of around 50 years with a dating of death between 20 to 25 years. She was found lying in a cabin and covered with ragged blankets. The cause of her death has not been determined but it is suspected that it was a suicide, perhaps due to poisoning.
SCP-ES-091-3 was the village hospital, which was very well equipped including an operating room for complex surgeries. However, it also has a series of underground rooms whose entrance was protected by an armored door that was opened by an electronic numeric board (When the Foundation took possession of SCP-ES-091, it found the door open and the panel destroyed). One of the rooms was a medical laboratory equipped with the most advanced instruments and technology available in the 1970s, although most of the equipment was found destroyed, a second surgery room and a library and file room. There were found remains of a bonfire in which many documents were burned years ago, the few preserved remains are illegible or lack context, only a number of books on medical topics have been preserved, specifically genetics, gynecology and eugenic theory, none of which was published subsequently to 1980.
In several of these texts has been found a seal with the symbol Ǐᵮ, which is also present in several pieces of medical equipment and laboratory.
SCP-ES-091 was originally known as Villa Australis, possibly founded in 1957 or 1958, and although there were no documents on the site about the people who inhabited it and its purpose - which were apparently deliberately destroyed - subsequent investigations They have revealed part of their history and their relationship with the Fergusson Institute.
(Before continuing, it is recommended to read the file Ǐᵮ-0006-275)1
During the first exploration of SCP-ES-091, before its anomalous effects were confirmed, two incidents occurred:
1.-Dr. ██████, who suffers from deafness, a condition inherited from his parents, suffered a nervous breakdown while on the ground. He had to be sedated and removed on a stretcher. Later on being questioned he declared: "I felt that he hated me, that he hated me…and suddenly I started to hate myself, it was as if I did not deserve to live, as if having children I would stain the world"
2.-The Agent ████ and the Doctor █████ were caught having sexual intercourse inside SCP-ES-091-5. Both were suspended without pay temporarily, while they are assigned to other projects and the Ethics Committee determines new sanctions. However, the Agent ████ stated that he felt "driven" to have sex, that this impulse was directed solely and exclusively towards the Doctor █████ and that she felt the same. He assured that he was not looking for excuses for his behavior, but that he was sure that both were manipulated by SCP-ES-091 to commit such an "anomalous act".
Interestingly, eugenics has always had a racist background, since it is about "improving" only the white race, but the agent ████ is African American, and the Doctor █████ is a mestizo from a Japanese father and a German mother , but both have good physical condition, no family history of hereditary diseases and their intelligence is above average. This is interesting, as if… whatever influences SCP-ES-091 would have given them their approval and decided that both had good genes to be perpetuated. Dr. Von Braun.
Record of Experiments:

Experiment 1.- A cage with parakeets is taken to the interior of SCP-ES-091-7, there are nine parakeets in total, seven females and seven males, the males suffer from the so-called feather syndrome, an anomalous and exaggerated growth of the feathers, which makes it impossible for them to fly and drastically shortens their life, among other consequences.
Results: The male parakeets establish monogamous relationships, after a while the females lay 23 eggs in total, of which, after a period of 16 to 19 days, perfectly normal offspring are born, without feather syndrome.


Experiment 2 .- Two chicken coops are installed inside SCP-ES-091, each of which has 10 hens and one rooster, each of the roosters has a natural hereditary mutation that makes them without feathers , which creates disadvantages such as difficulties at the time of mating, greater vulnerability to sunburn, etc.
Results: Despite their mutation, the roosters of both hen houses are successful when mating with the females, of the resulting eggs hatch 17, of which 9 chicks do not present feathers.


Experiment 3 .- A colony of white laboratory rats (Rattus norvergicus) is introduced in SCP-ES-091, in total 42 specimens between males and females. 30 of them perfectly normal and healthy and 12 that have been bred specifically to carry a defective gene that will cause them to develop some kind of cancer in the future. The colony has enough food and space to quadruple its size without problems due to overpopulation.
(DATA EXPUNGED) After four days the surviving specimens are eliminated, autopsies are performed to discover some medical reason that explains such a drastic alteration of their behavior, without conclusive results.

This is interesting, the first experiments seemed to indicate that the anomalous properties of the villa did not affect the animals. Regarding this last experiment, similar situations have been observed in rat populations subjected to intense stress, especially due to overpopulation (see the case of Universe 25), but never in such a short time or with such a degree of violence. I recommend continuing to experiment with animals - Doctor Von Braun.
For the following experiments, SCP-ES-091-9, one of the town's buildings, was conditioned to enclose several Class D enclosures.

Experiment 5 .- D-37485 is detained, a 26-year-old male, who has a long history of sexual offenses. D-37485 also suffers from dwarfism, a condition present in three generations of his family.
Results: On the second day of his confinement D-37485 he declares to have severe pain in his genitals. On examination he is found to have severe internal bleeding in the scrotum area. After an exploration surgery it is discovered that there are numerous cuts in his vas deferens that go from the testicles to the urethra. These cuts have rendered sterile to D-37485, similar to a vasectomy. These cuts are internal and do not present external signals that explain how they were produced.
When questioned D-37485 expresses feelings of self-hatred and suicidal desires, although he had previously experienced similar feelings on an occasional basis.


Experiment 6 .- D-4859 is confined, a 33-year-old man who presents psychotic features and a long history of animal abuse and zoophilic tendencies.
Results: After 10 days without incidents, he is detained together with D-4859, for experimental purposes, D-9087, a 42-year-old woman, who suffers from schizophrenia and has a slight mental retardation due to repeated physical abuse during his childhood.
(DATA EXPUNGED) Due to the severe internal damage suffered, D-9087 is subjected to a hysterectomy -extirpation of the uterus- of urgency, dying during surgery. As for D-4859, he could not be helped on time and died due to a massive hemorrhage, but before he died told her helpers: "He hates me…the whole damn place hates me…I do not deserve to live, we do not deserve to live We just messed up the world…"
It was found that D-4859 used a piece of splintered wood as a weapon that it ripped from a wall.


Experiment 7.- D-37809, a 41-year-old Caucasian male, formerly Dr. █████████, who was demoted to Class D upon being verified that he sold classified information of the Foundation to rival organizations, was detained. D-3780 has an IQ of 137, has a good physical condition and has no history of hereditary diseases in his family. D-3780 is subjected to complete medical examinations every 48 hours.
Results: After 30 days without incident D-37809 is finished. His exams show no alteration except for his semen samples, which have a sperm count five times above normal, with excellent vitality and mobility
When questioned, D-37809 said that he had experienced strong sexual desires and that he had also seriously thought "about the possibility of having children," but that it would be necessary to find a "biologically appropriate" companion. "But it's too late for me right?"

We should extend the radius of our experiments, check how far the anomalous effects extend or if they are restricted to the village itself, I also suggest investigating in nearby villages whether or not there are cases of babies with congenital defects. - Dr. Von Braun.

Annex: Interview n° 1.

 ++ ACCESS GRANTED.

Interview with ██████ ██████, who currently resides in the city of ██████████, where he works as a garzon in a restaurant. Born in 1968 in Baltimore, United States, of unknown parents, he was raised in a Catholic orphanage until its adoption by the Fergusson Institute in 1976, and sent to Villa Australis at the end of that year along with six other children (it is likely that it was the last or one of the last groups that became part of this eugenic project). In 1982 he escaped from Villa Australis and ended up being welcomed by a family of peasants, but the fear of being recaptured led him to emigrate to the urban area. For more than twenty years he had problems of addiction and alcoholism, and even for a period he was living in a street situation.
The interview was conducted by Agent Mujica, pretending to be a journalist, as of █/██/2016, upon payment of thirty thousand Chilean Pesos. This lasted more than an hour, the following transcript omits all irrelevant parts.

Agent Mujica: How would you define your life in Villa Australis?
Interviewee: Well…a fucking hell, really.
A.M.: Did you suffer abuse?
I: Abuse…well look, I grew up in an orphanage run by nuns, and do not think that all were sweet and kind nuns, no sir, some were real bitches, bitter old women who needed sex, and urgently. But…we could be children, play like children, play antics like children…instead, in the village we only worked, worked and studied, nothing more.
A.M.: What kind of work?
I: From the countryside, feeding the animals, sowing, harvesting, taking care of the hives, the typical…Not that it was an exhausting job, but it was routine, every hour of our day was planned, without a free moment. And when we did not work, we studied.
A.M.: What did they study?
I: Biology, calculus, history, languages…at least they gave us a good education (laughs). Now, seriously, I did not know it at the time but what they taught us was at a level far superior to what is normally taught at that age…and the tests, they asked us to solve problems like…like South Africa.
A.M.: South Africa?
I: Yes, it was more or less like this: "in the face of the tense racial situation in South Africa, according to you, what measures would be adequate to guarantee the survival of the white minority in the coming decades?" And one had to take into account all the factors, from international isolation to a rebellion of blacks.
A.M.: That's…unusual.
I: I guess that was the right thing to do because we are "the generation that would dominate the future".
A.M.: That's what they called you?
I: That was the propaganda that got us through the throat: "You are the generation of the future, your destiny is to lead the world, your intelligence, your discipline, your work ethic will guarantee you an important place in the world of tomorrow"…Pure trash (spits with contempt), they ruined my life Do you know that I have four daughters?, With two different ladies, and I could never have a normal relationship, the villagers killed that possibility…killed that ability, castrated, not I know how to explain myself (…)
A.M.: How many lived in Villa Australis?
I: About a hundred or something like that, most of them young, some thirty old or very old.
A.M.: Who were the leaders, was there a leader?
I: There was the council, no, the High Council, well, in capital letters, there were about fifteen…no, thirteen, mostly old and a few who arrived as orphans and now were adults, I remember their names: Jason, Valentina, Carson, Cecil, Dr. Monet…that old man was sinister, the most sinister of all. He was the one who commanded although everyone on the council was supposed to be equal and their votes were the same.
A.M.: Why do you say it was sinister?
I: For the things I did with the girls, the women of the village.
A.M.: What things?
I: I never saw him directly, only the rumors, what the boys told me, not the girls, I was shy and did not talk to them and they obviously would not tell those things…
A.M.: Are you talking about sexual abuse, right?
I: No, not that kind of thing, but strange and humiliating situations. I'm talking about young girls who underwent gynecological exams, explorations, eight-year-old girls they took to the hospital, made them lie down on a special stretcher, spread their legs and checked them. Dr. Monet was in charge of that, always.
A.M.: Why did they do it, did they have a specific purpose?
I: Uh, it's hard to say, but I think so, I'll explain. The original orphans had obviously grown and some had married and had their own children. There was a case of a girl who had identical twins three times, really, and it was said that was Dr. Monet's thing.
Well, a few months before I ran away, the woman got pregnant again, and guess: twins, again. But there were problems, she had symptoms of loss and they had to intervene when she was…about seven months pregnant. The babies survived but she died, and it was a scandal, the father went crazy and tried to attack Dr. Monet.
They locked him in a cell and I do not know what happened to him, it was said that Dr. Monet privileged the life of babies over that of the mother…And there was also the matter of the twins, others, most of them.
A.M .: What twins?
I: Lisa and Anne, they were about 15 when they got pregnant, and it was another scandal, it was said to be Dr. Monet's business, again. I do not mean that he had sex with girls, but he did a weird experiment with them.
A.M .: What happened next?
I: A scandal, apparently Monet did not consult what he was going to do with the rest of the council. One of them, Finn, got angry and attacked the doctor in front of everyone…except me, I was not present and it's a shame, because it was a spectacle. They say that Finn grabbed the doctor, dragged him and threw him to the pigs' pen (Note: vulgar name with which pigs are known in Chile) and then sat on it. But the doctor made him pay for that humiliation, Finn disappeared for a week and then returned with his face full of bruises and with the word "bad element" engraved with a red-hot iron at the base of his neck, under the nape of his neck.
They gathered us all in the center of town and told us that Finn was a bad member of our society, that he did not deserve our respect or appreciation, that he should be expelled…"Banish", they used the word banish, but out of compassion he We would allow us to continue with us and work on his redemption. And they put him to work, he was no longer part of the High Council, he did not teach us, he only worked in the field and everyone else isolated him. He stayed a month and disappeared…he simply disappeared, they told us he had eloped, I do not know if it was true, I hope so, for his own good.
A.M .: What happened next?
I: The matter got very turbid in the council, the bosses were constantly fighting among themselves, many were angry with Dr. Monet about Lisa and Anne, others supported him…At least that was what they said, obviously they did not tell us anything, but there were rumors, things were whispered secretly.
A.M.: Were there more pregnancies at that time?
I: Some, five or six, I remember that there were also peasants, people from the nearby villages to help with the doctors, I am talking about pregnant women who came to have their children in the hospital in the village.
A.M.: Dr. Monet attended them? Did they charge for attention?
I: Yes, the other doctor, but he was always involved in that kind of thing, and no, all the attention was free.
A.M.: Remember if there were deaths of babies, some pregnancy that did not come to term?
I:… Abortions I do not know, but I know of babies - before I arrived - that they were born too sick and died before the month of life.
A.M.: What is it that Dr. Monet intended?
I: What do I know! Everything was very murky, everything was murky in the village, like what happened with the girls, and also the boys, in the hospital.
I'm talking about teenage boys from fourteen up. Some were taken to a white room, left with a bottle and a pornographic magazine-no idea where they took it-and there they had to…"raise kites" and fill the bottle. They forbade us to talk about it, but you know how teenagers are, we made jokes and some boasted how big was the little bottle they filled.
A.M.: You were also forced…?
I: No! Not at all, I did not, but others did and they talked (…)
A.M.: You talked about leaks. Was it a Villa Australis prison?
I: Well, if it was not a prison it felt like one, the town was in a valley with a ravine on one side and hills on the other. As I said, all the hours of the day were regulated and controlled, and there were rumors, there were always rumors. It was said that there were alarms around the villa, sensors, motion detectors, some even spoke of buried explosive mines, things like that. I never saw anything and the elders would never confirm such things, even if one asked them directly.
A.M.: Were there guards, watchmen?
I: There was the Night Watch, the most loyal to the council. At night we locked ourselves…they locked us in our cabins for our safety, they said. The night guard ran around the perimeter of the village, they went in pairs, with shotguns and dogs, German shepherds. There were two couples each night, or three, I'm not sure but I think it was a thing of the last years, not something that will happen in the early days of the village.
The most faithful were also the only ones who could go out and visit the neighboring towns, and even go to the city, they would sell honey, sausages, cheeses, what our town produced.
A.M .: When did you decide to escape?
I: The atmosphere was very turbid, especially after Finn, they never told us anything, obviously, but you could see that things were very tense inside the council, it was said that there were different factions…Rumors, that's the only thing we had.
Anyway, I was fed up, but I would never have dared to run away from Villa Australis, I had no idea where to go…but I received help, two guys older than me, Erick and Frank, we became friends and they were fed up than me, we decided to flee, although not alone.
A.M .: Who helped them?
I: Angelina, a girl from the night watch, had her own problems and wanted to leave, she also had an affair with Frank, that was one of her reasons…She was about, I do not know, about 25, 26 years old, Frank just 15. I do not judge, that was not the most crooked thing I saw in the village.
A.M.: How did they get it?
I: It was easy, or so it seemed to me, Angelina knew all about the rounds, the schedules, etc. It was in winter, one night after a snowfall, the sky was clear but towards a horrible cold. She managed to get herself not know what medicine from the hospital, and when it was her guardian's turn came an explosive case of diarrhea, you can imagine. The other guard couple did not know anything, the cold and the snow did not give much desire to be scrupulous with the surveillance.
He also stole two horses, plus clothing, food and money. The horses were waiting for us on one side of the road outside the village. I had ridden before but for a short time and had never ridden. And there I was, hugging Erick's back as we galloped to freedom…I can tell you that this trip was the most exciting and hopeful of my life, and it was also a real pain in the ass, and in the hips, and in the back.
A.M .: What happened next?
I: We stopped in several villages, we did not trust the authorities and we feared being captured by the people of the village, so we ended up in the city of ██████████. We split up there…no idea where Angelina and Frank are, I hope they were happy.
A.M.: And Erick?
E: Erick's thing was…very sad, I'd rather not talk about it (…)





Annex: Interview n° 2.

 ++ ACCESS GRANTED.

(REMOVED)
Dr. Von Braun has requested that for personal reasons this interview be eliminated. His order has been accepted as it is not relevant for the understanding of SCP-ES-091. For more information, consult the next report.





« SCP-ES-090 | SCP-ES-091| SCP-ES-092 »



Footnotes
1. Translator's Note: This currently leads to a draft in spanish of the hub for the Institute, because it is currently unnofficial.


                    