
                        

rating: +14+–x
Item #: SCP-ES-061
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-ES-061 is to be kept in a safe-deposit box in the Storage Facility for Valuable Artifacts at Site-38. Access and experimentation with SCP-ES-061 require authorization from Dr. M. Ozawa.
Description: SCP-ES-061 is a ██████████ brand VCR player manufactured in 1992. Examination of SCP-ES-061 has revealed no anomalous materials; each one of its components is common for an electrical appliance of its model, brand and age of manufacture. SCP-ES-061 has maintained its anomalous properties even after being disassembled and reassembled on multiple occasions. Using components of SCP-ES-061 as replacements in similar VCRs of the same period and brand has not resulted in the manifestation of anomalous effects in said devices.
SCP-ES-061 was discovered in ████████, Chile, in April of 20██, by a Foundation agent investigating the presence of SCP-███ in the area. After a local radio made the existence of the VCR player and its anomalous properties known ― which made the use of amnestics impossible, given the high number of people with knowledge of SCP-ES-061― the agent carried out an operation in which he extracted the VCR player, property of a local family, and replaced it with one of the same period, brand and similar characteristics. The operation was a success and the existence of the anomalous VCR was falsely exposed as a fraud, with the actual SCP-ES-061 in the Foundation's custody.
In most cases when a VHS tape is introduced into SCP-ES-061, especially if it is a movie or television series, the video displayed will show clear alterations in comparison to the original, which can range from dialogue to notable changes in the plot, cast or even genre. Further investigation has revealed that changes often correspond to previous options in the script, cast or setting that were discarded during the production of the film by directors or producers. The movies and series in tapes used in experiments with SCP-ES-061 do not appear to show any alterations when introduced in non-anomalous VCRs.

Experiment reports involving SCP-ES-061

– hide block


Experiment SCP-ES-061-1
Introduced tape: The movie “Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark”
SCP-ES-061 plays: The movie “Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark”, featuring Burt Reynolds.


Experiment SCP-ES-061-2
Introduced tape: The movie “Nosferatu” (1922) by F.W. Murnau
SCP-ES-061 plays: The movie “Dracula” by F.W. Murnau.

Note: The director F.W. Murnau intended to adapt the novel "Dracula" as a film, but being unable to purchase the rights he instead decided to make "Nosferatu", which was his own version of the story but with several names changed (e.g. "Count Orlok" instead of "Count Dracula).

Experiment SCP-ES-061-5
Introduced tape: Episode of the television series “Kung Fu”, featuring David Carradine.
SCP-ES-061 plays: Episode of the television series “Kung Fu”, featuring Bruce Lee.


Experiment SCP-ES-061-7
Introduced tape: The movie "Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back"
SCP-ES-061 plays: The same movie, but with Han Solo being interpreted by Billy Dee Williams and Lando Calrissian by Carl Weathers. In addition, all insinuations about the romance between Han Solo and Princess Leia appear to have been removed.

The seventies… - Dr. M. Ozawa

Experiment SCP-ES-061-10
Introduced tape: Episode from the 1969 television series “Doctor Who”, featuring the Second Doctor.
SCP-ES-061 plays: Episode from the 1972 television series “Inspector Spacetime”, featuring the Fifth Inspector.


Experiment SCP-ES-061-11
Introduced tape: The movie "Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope"
SCP-ES-061 plays: The movie "Star Wars: The New Knights", narrating the rescue attempt of the Princess "Amidala" by "Luke Starkiller", along with the elder Jedi knight "Mace Vindu" and the mercenary Han Solo, an alien covered in fur with a head similar to a bat. The antagonist is the Emperor Moff Tarkin, interpreted by Vincent Price.

Still better than the prequels - Dr. Von Braun.

Experiment SCP-061-15
Introduced tape: Documentary about the Cold War, with special emphasis on the Cuban Missile Crisis.
SCP-ES-061 plays: [DATA EXPUNGED]


Experiment SCP-ES-061-16
Introduced tape: Documentary about Nelson Mandela's presidential campaign in the year 1994 until his inauguration as the first black president of South Africa.
SCP-ES-061 plays: Documentary about Nelson Mandela's presidential campaign during the years 1990 and 1991, until [DATA EXPUNGED] and the following racial riots which created a civil war across all of South Africa.

Wow, that was like the erotic fantasy of a Ku Klux Klan member… in a way the logical conclusion of the Apartheid policy without someone like Mandela willing to trade justice for certain crimes in exchange of peace. - Dr. ████████

Experiment SCP-ES-061-20
Introduced tape: Pornographic film featuring two men and two women, each one of them being white.
SCP-ES-061 plays: No apparent change.


Experiment SCP-ES-061-21
Introduced tape: Pornographic film featuring 7 African-American men and a Caucasian woman.
SCP-ES-061 plays: No apparent change.

I'm a born-again Christian who has to deal with satanic abominations on a daily basis, is it really necessary to perform these kinds of experiments with these kinds of movies?- Dr. ████████
One can learn very interesting things from these experiments… - Dr. M. Ozawa

Experiment SCP-ES-061-25
Introduced tape: Pornographic film featuring 3 Caucasian men and an Asian woman.
SCP-ES-061 plays: Pornographic film featuring 4 Caucasian men―or at least individuals who originally were men―, in addition, the genre has changed from "Heterosexual" to the Transsexual pornography genre.

I'm done, I quit… I mean, I refuse to keep on witnessing this kind of bullshit- Dr. ████████
It is recommended to Dr. ████████ to act professionally, and to remember his vow of allegiance and obedience to the Foundation; on the other hand, considering the futility of these experiments, it is now prohibited to use SCP-ES-061 to see pornographic material (No, Dr. Von Braun, do not insist) - O5-█

Experiment SCP-ES-061-30
Introduced tape: English documentary about the Punic Wars, the series of conflicts between Rome and Carthage.
SCP-ES-061 plays: An apparent historical documentary in a language with Semitic characteristics not yet translated, with all the text written in the Latin alphabet converted into an alphabet believed to be derived from Phoenician. Judging by the images, the documentary appears to depict an alternative history where Carthage won and Rome was destroyed.


Experiment SCP-ES-061-31
Introduced tape: Documentary about human evolution, with special emphasis on other hominid species previous and contemporaneous to Homo sapiens, like Homo neanderthalensis or Homo erectus.
SCP-ES-061 plays: [DATA EXPUNGED]

Note: From now on all experiments with SCP-ES-061 involving historical documentaries are suspended until further notice; it is now being discussed whether or not to extend this measure to all movies based on historical events- O5-█



Addendum: Document-ES-061-B, Extended Test Log.

                    