
                        






rating: +8+–x



Item #: SCP-ES-113
Classified


Object Class: Euclid Keter
Level 3





Facility-13 (2013-Today)


Special Containment Procedures: Facility-131 was built around SCP-ES-113. Facility-13 must act under the guise of Private School Sir Cantor Padrig, San Carlos de Palacios City2, Chile, with researchers and security personnel under fictitious identities as professors, inspectors, and janitors. Administrative personnel within the Facility must also complete the school's administrative job functions.
The entirety of students attending Facility-13 must have families with a minimum of two members working within the Foundation. The amount of female students must always remain above the amount of male students.
SCP-ES-113 is currently behind the door of one of the women's bathrooms in Facility-13. It must remain constantly closed while tests are not being performed. Once a day, at least one 13 year old D-Class subject must interact with SCP-ES-113. Given the lack of D-Class subjects fulfilling this requirement, their long-term use and protection against monthly termination is granted under the 'D Parenting" Program.
In case of a containment breach, MTF Ny-13 ("Cult of 13"), must locate SCP-ES-113's new position and establish a perimeter around it. Immediately after, a new Facility-13 must be built and the prior one dismantled, under the facade of bankruptcy.
Before year 3013, MTF Ni-13 ("Triscaidecaphobia") must be deployed to neutralize the anomaly under the "Scranton Ambush" Protocol.


SCP-ES-113


Description: SCP-ES-113 is a crude drawing of what is assumed to be a caricature of an unidentified creature of animal traits.
SCP-ES-113 can be easily erased, as with any graphite pencil drawing. Once erased, it'll reappear in the closest primary school, manifesting within a bathroom corresponding to the most represented gender of students within the school. SCP-ES-113 will also demanifest if an exchange is not performed in a period longer than 26 hours.
Once a subject between 5 and 13 years of age is alone in its bathroom, SCP-ES-113 will become animate and begin vocalizing, usually saying "I offer to you a special deal," or similar phrases, in a slow, shrill voice. Invariably, subjects hearing the phrase will feel a strong compulsion to move towards the source of the sound, where SCP-ES-113 will attempt to convince the subject to 'give something they desire for something they love the same amount3'. If a subject rejects an exchange, SCP-ES-113 will stay silent and immobile for several seconds, moment in which the subject begins feeling a growing compulsion with the anomaly. Should the exchange not be accepted within 13 seconds, SCP-ES-113 will express sadness and become inanimate.
In 13,13% of cases, SCP-ES-113 will state the subject 'does not desire or appreciate anything enough', which will then result in the heart of the affected individual (Subject A) being quickly and cleanly cut and teleported centimeters away from the living being they had the most contact with (Subject B). The heart of Subject B is similarly teleported centimeters away from Subject A.
SCP-ES-113 was initially discovered in the door of a bathroom in ███ █████ School, ███████, Chile, little after Incident ES-113-1 took place. After the incident came to the hands of Foundation agents embedded in the local police, the door containing SCP-ES-113 was taken to a Standard Cell in Facility-12 for initial containment, and, once the door was closed, SCP-ES-113 disappeared. Two years later, it was discovered again in ███ ████████ School in ████████, Chile, after a child exited the bathroom holding a PlayStation 2® and his room and the kitched disappeared from his house, approximately at the same time, with markings suggesting both were ripped from the ground. Witnesses were administered amnestics and a gas explosion was provoked as guise.
Incident ES-113-1: On 28/4/2000, during a school recess, approximately at 13:22, a 13 year-old child was found dead in men's bathroom, covered in innards, meat, and bloodied body tissue. A first investigation by local police identified the kid as Marcelo Astorga, with the biological material he was covered by belonging to Angélica Aguilera, without any third-party in the scene nor possible nearby tools to perform this act. Given these strange successes, Foundation actives embedded in local police took the case and went to the scene, where agents rediscovered the anomalous nature of SCP-ES-113 after testing in the scene with pocket Scranton Reality Anchors. Posterior research revealed Marco 'loved Angélica with his life'. Facility-13 (2000-2013) was established 13 days after.

Experiment Log




Test 13


Subject: D-9821, hispanic-american, 20 years old.
Premeditated Desire: A plate of chicken pasta. A rocket launcher.
Results: None. SCP-ES-113 did not interact with the subject. D-9821 is no longer considered a trustworthy subject for tests relying on trust.
Notes: Perhaps there's an age span appropiated for the activation of the anomaly, after all, until now it was not documented that it would work with non-child subjects — Dr. Sterlab




Test 52


Subject: D-10237, hispanic-american, 13 years old.
Premeditated Desire: A Coca-Cola bottle.
Results: D-10237 left the bathroom with a Coca-Cola bottle in his hands. When returned to his cell, it was discovered that his favourite book had dissappeared.
Notes: Maximum and minimum age set. — Dr. Sterlab




Test 65


Subject: D-10237 D-10238, hispanic-american, 13 years old.
Premeditated Desire: A Pepsi bottle. His mother.
Note: D-10238 is the cell-mate and twin brother of D-10237- It was supected that, due to his brother, he heard about SCP-ES-113 and, pretending to be D-10238, was taken for testing.
Results: D-10238 did not exit the bathroom. After 3 minutes of waiting, a researcher came for him. When found, he was discovered dead in a similar fashion to the victim of Incident ES-113-1, but covered in bones and flesh in decomposition. A posterior investigation revealed the bones and flesh belonged to his mother, who had been murdered by the twins.
Notes: Despite the low ratio of twin D-Class we possess, I believe this proves we have to be more cautious at the time of choosing who to send for testing. D-10238 was not in the least apt for a test with such high cooperation requirements as this one — Dr. Sterlab




Test 78


Subject: A 6 year old cat.
Premeditated Desire: Unknown
Results: Cat did not exit bathroom. Little after entering it, the researcher caring for her, present during the test, fell to the ground. When the bathroom was investigated, the cat held the bleeding heart of her caretaker.
Notas: Thirteenth test on animals ending the exact same way. Let's simply stop this. I can take the death of a -D, but not the death of my co-workers. — Dr. Sterlab




Test 91


Sujeto: D-9732, african-american, 36 years old. Suffers from Highlander Syndrome4
Premeditated Desire: Be an astronaut.
Resultados: D-9732 did not leave the bathroom during 7 minutes. After this time, a guard came for him. D-9732 was nowhere to be found, and nothing had disappeared from his room. Before the results could be sent to Research Leader Dr. Sterlab, his vanishing was notified. Security cameras in his office revealed that he disappeared at the same time Test 91 was being realized. After two months of unfruitful search by the Foundation's Orbital Composition of Unified Solar Study, both were considered dead. A posterior investigation showd that D-9732 felt great admiration for Dr. Sterlab and his work.
Notes: It's enough. These tests keep better showing how ES-113 works, but at the same time they do nothing but kill us. Leader Sterlab was the last one left, and now I don't have anyone. I solicit an immediate halting of all ES-113 testing. — Dr. Marin Sterlab
| DENIED | I'm sorry for your father, but more research is required. This object could end up being beneficial. — DC Yerko




Test 104


Subject: D-10483, indian, 11 years old.
Note: Subject was memetically induced in order to infer the premeditated desire.
Premeditated Desire: That D-150435 lives a long and happy life.
Results: D-10483 left the bathroom unscathed. D-15013 was found in the ground of his cell. A posterior investigation showed he had entered a catatonic state. D-15013 kept a smile at all times. His body was stored in Facility-33's Cadaver Wing for posterior study. It was confirmed he did not require any sanitary mantainment.




Test 117


Subject: D-10483, indian, 11 years old.
Note: Subject was memetically induced in order to infer the premeditated desire.
Premeditated Desire: That D-160156 becomes unable to die.
Results: D-16015 died little after beginning the test. A day after, an average of 78% of the world population became aware of the name 'Isaac Newton', relating it to science and repeatedly stating he was an important person for it and with great impact to modern life. Use of SCP-ES-███ was ineffective at removing these memories. To repair ensuing consensus damage, use of SCP-ES-████ to insert memories about Isaac Newton's life (For further information, click here).




Test 130




Facility-13 (2000-2013)


Subject: Dr. Marin Sterlab
Premeditated Desire: Unknown
Note: This test was conducted without authorization. Dr. Marin Sterlab burst in Facility-13 during christmas parties of year 2013. It is believed a negligence from SCP-ES-113's night shift guards allowed Dr. Marin Sterlab access without impediment.
Results: A thaumaturgical temporal regression7 in SCP-ES-113's chamber revealed Dr. Marin Sterlab managed to successfully communicate with SCP-ES-113, this being the first documented case of an adult communicating with the anomaly. SCP-ES-113 claimed it was expecting him, and that he would fulfill his desire. Dr. Marin Sterlab repeatedly thanked the entity before vanishing. Seconds after, Facility-13 (2000-2013) disappeared along SCP-ES-113. SCP-ES-113 was later found and a new Facility-13 (2013-Today) was erected.




Can you respond to the message now?

It's 13 o'clock and this proposal is waiting since the morning. You should be more timely.



Interview ES-113-13

Interviewer: D-10237
Interviewed: SCP-ES-113
Date: 13/04/2013
Prologue: First successful communication attempt. D-10237 was made memorize a series of standard questions to ask the anomaly and was instructed to transcribe everything to a notebook. No communication team was employed during this interview, given that SCP-ES-113 did not become animate in their presence. After 13 minutes, D-10237 returned with the answers. Grammar, spelling and format were corrected.

[BEGIN LOG]

SCP-ES-113: Child, I hear you, I hear you, come, get closer, without fear, I want to offer you a special deal.
D-10237: It's good that you want to talk now, mister drawing.
SCP-ES-113: Hehe. This mister drawing likes being reserved, kid. Being reserved and rewarding those that make effort in accomplishing things. Hehe.
D-10237: Then, would you wait for me to write all you say
SCP-ES-113: Yes, child. You've got all my time. I won't go anywhere, hehe.
D-10237: Thanks, mister drawing. Foundation told me to ask what thing you are.
SCP-ES-113: Me? I'm just me, child. What you see is me. What they see is me. I'm just that. It's me. Hehe.
D-10237: Foundation told me to ask again if you said weird things.
SCP-ES-113: I'm SCP-ES-113 is a crude drawing of what is assumed to be a caricature of an unidentified creature of animal traits. Or that's what they think, hehe. They judge me without knowing me, hehe. You never do that, child, that's wrong.
D-10237: Then, what are you, sir?
SCP-ES-113: I like how polite you are, child, hehe. Kids like you are needed in this world, child. I'm a [COGNITOHAZARD REDACTED], the 13° of them.
D-10237: Ohhh. And, why do you do the exchanges, sir?
SCP-ES-113: Because it's what I want to do, child. Give the kids what they deserve. Hope that all dreams can come true, regardless of anything. Reward them for angels they are.
D-10237: That's very kind, sir. But then, why did you do that to the other kids that loved each other a lot?
SCP-ES-113: Because that's what Marcelo wanted, child. I gave Marcelo what he deserved.
D-10237: But I think you hurt him, sir.
SCP-ES-113: Child, I know what I did. Marcelo is happy. Next question?
D-10237: But sir, Marcelo is gone now.
SCP-ES-113: And he's happy in heaven with his loved one. Next question.
D-10237: But didn't that hurt them, sir?
SCP-ES-113: Child, I only gave Marcelo what he wanted, and Angélica what she didn't know she wanted. I made them both happy. Next question, now.
D-10237: Sir, you killed them.
SCP-ES-113: No. I didn't kill anyone. No one died. I'm no murderer. I give children what they want. Only that. Only. That. Kids wish, I fulfill. Because I'm a good person. A good person that does good things. Killing is not something us good people do. I don't kill. I DON'T KILL!
D-10237: Sir, you're scaring me.
In this part the sir went silent.
Sir is still silent, looking at me.
I feel like my mouth had ants walking.
I can't move my head or legs.
SCP-ES-113: What did you say, child? That you want what thing?
My mouth moves on its own, I'm scared.
SCP-ES-113: "I want all of those real murderers in the Foundation to die forever." Oh, yes, child, your wish is very good. There is nothing more pure that wishing that all corruption in the world disappears. Of course I'll fulfill that. I'll only need a little time to be able to make it true. It doesn't look like it, but I'm old and things are hard for me, hehe.
Hello, Foundation, it's me, hehe. Your child asked me a very sweet wish that I'll of course make true. But I'm not like you, nor do I like surprises. I'll take long. 100.000 years of sleep took me the last great oranization. But I've seen what you do to my brothers, and you inspire me lot. I give you 1000 years.
I'd tell you to greet the kid in heaven, but you don't get to go there.
[The following thirteen lines contained several forms of previously unknown cognitohazardous writing.]

[END LOG]

Final Note: When D-10237, he claimed not remembering nothing prior to the first cognitohazard. It is unknown if SCP-ES-113's capabilities could destroy the Foundation in its entirety. But I wouldn't want to figure out. I propose the immediate termination of SCP-ES-113. We've seen what it is capable of, and I don't want to see any more of this. I don't want any more people to die. — Dr. Marin Sterlab


VOTATION ON NEUTRALIZING SCP-ES-113
APPROVE (+) | (-) DENY




Footnotes
1. Term used for sites under the Regional Council of Latin America
2. Autonomous and isolated city founded by the Foundation as a means of protection for high-value personnel from Facility-57, located in a high plateau in Gulf of Penas, Chile. It counts with an antimemetic Garlés-Petrocchi dome, Scranton Reality Anchors hidden in the foundations of each house, copies of SCP-ES-███ ("Upgraded Trees") in the parks to mantain a healthy oxygen level, a nuclear power plant, and a Way within it leading to an armed checkpoint within Facility-57. Other details ommited for brevity. Despite the high presence of anomalous technology and Foundation personnel, the Veil remains intact and the existence of the city is kept under the guise of housing for power plant workers.
3. This has shown to be highly ambiguous, with subjects receiving or 'giving' something they originally did not want to, but in the majority of cases feeling the exchange was, objectively, fair. More tests pending.
4. Medical condition affecting body development, preventing the subject from aging in appearance after growing to 10 years of age, approx. Impedes hair growth, voice deepening, and keeps the skin soft. Under observation as a possible uncontained anomaly.
5. Previously Dr. Ivan. Amnesticized and degraded to D-Class for facilitating a raid within Facility-57.
6. Isaac Newton, english, 84 years old, first member of the 'D Parenting' program
7. From the Foundation's Senior Detective Guide, Page 13, "Making use of the services of a qualified temporal thaumaturge, it is possible to return photons and soundwaves back to a scene. The final result will be a kind of 'hologram' of what once happened there, although with quite some grain in the image. It's worth highlighting that how farther back this can go depends of the capacity of the thaumaturge in question. This is a method, that, if you're lucky, you'll never have to use. The Foundation only allows it during catastrophes." The Foundation's Senior Detective Guide is availible for free for all members of the Anomalous Crime Research Department.


                    