
                        

rating: +4+–x
Item #: SCP-ES-048
Object Classification: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: The manifestations of SCP-ES-048 must be documented and the data will be sent to the Foundation's Site-██. An event SCP-ES-048 will invariably generate the appearance of SCP-ES-048-1 in the area, for which a team of Field Agents will be dispatched for the effective containment of SCP-ES-048-1.
 
The termination of subjects affected by SCP-ES-048 is allowed. Two instances must be recovered for study in each manifestation of SCP-ES-048, one of the specimens must remain alive while the other must be a corpse. Copies of SCP-ES-048-1 will be stored for study, and once completed they should be incinerated and processed as industrial waste.
Records of local law enforcement agencies must be modified and reported as missing to specimens of SCP-ES-048-1.
Description: SCP-ES-048 is a neurological and biological phenomenon that affects human subjects, especially those individuals with reduced cognitive and motor abilities. This anomaly has been documented over time, being the first sighting of humans affected in June 1919, although documents recently recovered by the Foundation date the occurrence of this anomaly since 1904.
Despite that SCP-ES-048 affects the psychomotor abilities of human subjects, it does not leave observable sequelae in the structure and CNS function of the subjects'1, nor will it result in a vegetative state of affected individuals if they are given amnestic or sedative SCP-ES-048 has been shown to be lethal in individuals who are treated by specialized medical teams, behaving in a hostile manner, having to resort to the application of lethal force for the neutralization of individuals affected by SCP-ES-048 (hereinafter referred to as SCP-ES-048-1).
SCP-ES-048-1 is not able to sustain verbal communication, although its vocal cords are intact. SCP-ES-048-1 seems to move in groups of 50 to 80 individuals who are attracted to each other by unknown means (see Addendum-048-Alpha) and are not able to accept and fulfill verbal, written or visual commands of other human subjects. In contrast, SCP-ES-048-1 seems to act erratically and without apparent meaning, only react to specific individuals, these incidents are always characterized by a sequence of attacks of rage and anger towards the objective identified by the group of SCP-ES-048-1.
Once the individual causing the hostile reaction on the part of SCP-ES-048-1 is neutralized or leaves his field of vision (See Addendum-048-Alpha) SCP-ES-048-1 will enter another once in an erratic state of inaction. SCP-ES-048-1 mumbles incoherent words, the only phrase he is able to vocalize is: "Silence and Loyalty, Loyalty and Union" - this sentence is the official slogan of the ultra-right party of Austrian origin La Gekare2.
 
The spreading method of SCP-ES-048 continues to be unknown to the research staff of the Foundation, but it has been assumed that SCP-ES-048 is transmitted using memetic agents (See Addendum-048-Beta).
Update 19/06/201█: During a raid at a Gekare Meeting Center in ███████, Hungary, local police forces found documents related to SCP-ES-048. Undercover agents of the Foundation infiltrated the police department copied the documents, replacing the originals in duplicates, ignoring sensitive information. (See Addendum-048-Alpha)
 
Discovery: SCP-ES-048 and SCP-ES-048-1 were registered on June 24, 1919, in an area of ███████, on the Austrian border with Italy, during an incident where units of the Austro-Hungarian Empire were faced with an army of the Kingdom of Italy. During this hostile exchange between both sides, after the official end of the First World War, SCP-ES-048-1 was used massively on the battlefield as cannon fodder by the imperial forces.
Foundation agents were dispatched to the area to study this anomaly, resulting in the discovery of SCP-ES-048 and its object classification as Euclid. This report was added by Agent D. Rupert:

+ Report-048-1919 - Agent D. Rupert

- Close File


We arrived two days after the reports arrived at our office in ███████. We all knew that the war was over, but that the skirmishes between rebel forces would not be rare, and particularly in the defeated armies. As we approached we could see the flashes of artillery in the sky and the noise of guns breaking at dawn. We were only four on the team, but it was supposed to be a surveillance mission. It was not.
The area was very wide, and the battle seemed to have been going on for quite some time. The projectiles fell on both lines of trenches, so to avoid crossfire I decided to set up our camp on the hill furthest from the battlefield. We began to write everything we saw, although at the beginning we did not observe anything weird. Only a war between two armies. But suddenly, something happened.
From the Austro-Hungarian line we could see how a hundred people ran towards the Italian trenches practically without weapons, we could identify that they wore Russian uniforms. They were falling like the grass before the sickle, so we consider that an abnormal behavior. This continued for days, but those who ran through the no man's land just tried to flee, they launched with an incredible fanaticism against the Italians, being prisoners, that did not seem to make sense.
During the dawn of the third day we heard a noise, it did not stop during the whole morning. It was a very light sound, although it was not annoying to hear it, but it lasted until damn noon. The artillery stopped - from both sides. The Italians prepared for the final attack, so there was plenty of movement, but on the Austro-Hungarian side there was hardly a couple of soldiers moving.
We could see how the Italian soldiers advanced with little resistance, entered the enemy trenches and began to search the entire area. When we did not see another sign of anomalies, we prepared to retire, but about the afternoon the noise returned. Now more intense, I could barely hear my own thoughts. The Italians started firing and running from the trenches, we could not see who was attacking them. Then we saw them, they were the Russian prisoners, attacking the invaders and making them run from the galleries. From one moment to the next it became a massacre, everything turned red and the screams filled the air.
I saw three Russians tearing apart an Italian without barely flinching, they received shots and did not seem to notice them, they just kept moving forward, when one of them fell the others mutilated him and used his limbs as improvised weapons. One of striking an enemy using the leg of a comrade who had fallen by his side, then the Italians withdrew, very small in number. They went to us, I never knew how they saw us - if they saw us in the first place - we fled as we could from the place, we left everything behind.
I heard a shout to my right, they had captured Agent Schell and dragged her into some nearby bushes. They began to beat her while she asked for my help until she stopped moving, but her attackers had no expression on their faces even though they were covered in blood. I could see that they wore a bracelet with a logo, it was a double-headed imperial eagle with a shield and the Austro-Hungarian flag inscribed on it, with arrows that go up and an eye in the middle.
I do not know how much time we ran, but I had already lost all my people. They had been trapped and beaten to death, I saw how Bauman's head was crushed and how one of those damn people used another head to do it. I fled until a Mobile Task Force arrived to lend us support, neutralized the lunatics and got me out of there. I do not know what the hell has happened, but it's anomalous.
Even now…after several days…I can still see Schell's expression asking for help…and that damn noise does not stop…it's hellish…it's not from this land…

 
Conclusion: The area was put under quarantine by the Mobile Task Force Lambda-2 ("Imperium"), which proceeded to cauterize the corpses and look for the possible origin of the sound heard by Agent Rupert's team. The galleries were sealed and collapsed, both the Italian and Austrian governments deny the participation of their armed forces in the incident.





+ Addendum-048-Alpha

- Close File



Silence and Loyalty, Loyalty and Union



Official report
Regarding the Power of Ideas Project


Information about the Decree - Revision #15 (Date: 28/05/200█)
 

According to the data recovered by the agents of the Action and Solutions Committee, the procedures used for the continuation of the Power of Ideas Project are poor and not consistent with the documentation currently available. An agent of the Truth and Reconciliation Committee has been dispatched to find out more about the case in question.


The reports of the Artifacts and Knowledge Committee must be encrypted and then communicated. There have been incidents about Opposing Agencies accessing the information, acting against the interests of the Party.


The meetings will be carried out normally, Sectorial Leaders are urged to use the secure versions of the Power of Ideas Project as they wish. Any deviation will be prosecuted and punished by agents of the Truth and Reconciliation Committee.


ID research: PGP-PDLI-1041
Officer in charge: Dr. Ersnt Wicknik
Assigned Staff: [ONLY FOR YOUR EYES]
Review: The therapy has been satisfactory in 85.6% of the cases applied to human subjects, and being 100% in human subjects whose psychomotor abilities have been affected by neurological pathologies. Subsequent Investigation Pending.
 
The remaining 14.4% of cases end with the expiration of the test subjects, among the causes of death include:

Complete failure of the nervous system
Sudden heart attacks
Explosion of main capillary vessels, ending the death by exsanguination
Spontaneous combustion of brain matter
Permanent madness
Incipient necrosis in internal organs

The corpses should be incinerated after the autopsy, a report must be established on the cause of death in order to identify the problem in the therapy. The activation of the Project in field tests will be carried out following the standard procedure, and possible deviations will be penalized if they do not have bases for their actions.
 
Use and Possible Benefits: The squadrons of the Wahrheitkorps may use the PGP-1041 as a weapon, establishing a perimeter around the effective deployment area. The instruments will be deployed in an elevated location, this to maximize control over PGP-1041. Once the procedure is finished, they should be removed from the area, extracting the artifacts used, and leaving the PGP-1041 subjects as a distraction.
PGP-1041 serves as a secondary elimination agent, and may well go unnoticed by the human eye. The antennas interfere negatively with the control signals, so the deployment must be made from areas that are not interrupted by these signals. PGP-1041 can eliminate group or individual objectives with extreme efficiency, in addition to its composition serve as a cover.
 
The subjects captured for PGP-1041 SHOULD NOT be related in any way to the Party or its facilities. The failure of this could create a media chase against us.


INFORMATION AND SECURE DATA COMMITTEE


DECREE #:
199█-056
OFFICE:
Artifacts and Knowledge Committee


FILE CLASS:
REPORT
SUBJECT:
Supervisor Turegor


DOCUMENT NUMBER:
002314
IMPORTANCE:
HIGH


LOCATION:
REICH GEKARE, Vienna, Austria





Sent by:
Dr. Ersnt Wicknik
Shipping date:
01/06/199█
Reception date:
03/06/199█







+ Addendum-048-Beta

- Close File


Interviewee: Dr. William Valeker Father
Interviewer: Agent A. Heinkel
Introduction: Second interview with Dr. Valeker after being repatriated to facilities of the SCP Foundation in Great Britain. On this occasion Dr. Valeker will be questioned about the documentation found by the field agents.

<Beginning of the Interview, 10/20/1919; 10:50>
Agent Heinkel: How do you feel, doctor?
Dr. Valeker: Well, between what fits I'm fine, the coffee here is wonderful.
Agent Heinkel: Doctor, among your records we found that you documented that the approval of the project was granted by the Director of the KOEV, is not it?
Dr. Valeker: You not let me enjoy my drink, son. And yes, the authorization came from his office, along with a staff poorly trained for its execution. I spent two weeks to train them.
Agent Heinkel: And the prisoners where they came from?
Dr. Valeker: From where they could be brought, I saw Russians, French, British. The American prisoners began to arrive around 1918. It was complicated.
Agent Heinkel: What do you mean?
Dr. Valeker: Communicate with so many people, in such different languages. My resources were limited. The Director expected me to perform miracles with 1 or 2 translators. Thus it was dividing the prisoners in lots, according to their nationality, they were easier to manipulate than to have them all mixed.
Agent Heinkel: Then you say that the financing was poor, right?
Dr. Valeker: I already told you. Very few resources.
Agent Heinkel: According to your records, doctor, the patients did not survive the first part of the procedure.
Dr. Valeker: (pause) We tried many means, most did not resist the operation. We had hundreds of failures, so I allowed the researchers under my charge to explore new alternatives to complete it.
Agent Heinkel: It's here when Dr. Polons comes in.
Dr. Valeker: Yes, that little girl solved many doubts.
Agent Heinkel: When did the first successful result occur?
Dr. Valeker: A week after the procedure suggested by Dr. Polons, but it did not turn out as we expected.
Agent Heinkel: Failed?
Dr. Valeker: (Long Pause) Exceeded our expectations. The first subjects responded satisfactorily, but then acted erratically. So, following the guidelines of the central office, this was what they wanted. But then they acted as a community, even if they were not related to each other.
Agent Heinkel: What do you mean?
Dr. Valeker: They functioned as a unit with only one mind. They have no emotions, no feelings, no pain, no guilt. They only act. I reported our progress to the Central Office of the KOEV, so we were assigned a new mission
Agent Heinkel: What was it?
Dr. Valeker: (Silence)
Agent Heinkel: Doctor?
Dr. Valeker: No more questions.
<End of the Interview, 10/20/1919; 11:30>
Conclusion: The remaining documents of Dr. Valeker were arranged to be studied by the research staff of the Foundation.






« SCP-ES-047 | SCP-ES-048| SCP-ES-049 »



Footnotes
1. Abv. Central Nervous System.
2. Classified as Group of Interest #1191.


                    