
                        




rating: +4+–x



[ENTER LEVEL 4/ES-193 SECURITY CREDENTIALS]

[CREDENTIALS APPROVED]







SCP-ES-193 shortly after initial impact.



Special Containment Procedures: A perimeter has been established around SCP-ES-193 and shipments of D-Class personnel and anomalies to Installation-33 have been redirected to Installation-57.
D-Class personnel and low-value humanoid anomalies within Facility-33 have been evacuated to Emergency Bunker 33-01.
Containment procedures will be updated as new information is gathered.
Description: SCP-ES-193 is a five-car train and one engine that manifested at a height of 14 meters above the recreational courtyard of Facility-33 on April 13, 2013.
The wagons (called SCP-ES-193-1 to -5) were damaged to varying degrees before they even hit the ground. Some of them had several sections joined with rudimentary welds, wooden planks and nails, and adhesive tape. It is worth noting that some of the metal patches on the shells of the wagons have what appear to be sections of the Foundation logo.
The interior area of the wagons presents varying degrees of discrepancies with their exteriors, with some of them being up to six times larger on the inside than they appear on the outside. In addition, various anomalies and graffiti have been found inside the wagons, with the most recurrent legible messages being "it was a bad idea," "hope," "no way out," "death," and "sinners.
The locomotive (called SCP-ES-193-6) is completely sealed, composed of an alloy of steel and an unknown metal that have proved resistant to the Foundation's attempts to penetrate the shell, and has no windows to make the interior visible. At present, further attempts are being made to access the locomotive.
The origin of SCP-ES-193, as well as the exact nature of its interior and anomalies are unknown.
The Description will be updated as new information is obtained.


Addendum A
- Manifestation -




Entities in the fire


On April 13, 2013, at 01:13 hours, winds of up to 68 km/h spontaneously manifested themselves in the area around Installation-33, after which a large accumulation of blue clouds began to be generated at one point above the recreational courtyard, until covering the sky above the Installation completely. After a few seconds, lightning struck from the clouds, emitting an unusually high amount of lumens that left the surveillance cameras with the screen blank for a few seconds before SCP-ES-193 was seen to appear from the clouds and quickly hit the recreational courtyard. Shortly after the impact, weather conditions normalized, the wind subsided and the clouds dissipated.
As part of the Standard Anomalous Emergency Protocol, the Facility-33 firefighting team was quickly deployed to extinguish the fire. The operation did not have major incidents during the first 6 minutes, when from between the flames began to leave human parts walking and twisting slowly, such as legs, arms, hands, and torsos, the latter lacking head. These entities collapsed shortly after their first sighting, and subsequent genetic analysis identified the entities as several staff members within Facility-33 who are still alive today. The affected staff have no recollection of potentially anomalous situations that may have led to this.
The fire suppression efforts were successfully completed after this incident.


Addendum B
- SCP-ES-193-1 -


Once the fire was sufficiently controlled and the necessary firewalls were secured to prevent further damage to Installation-33, a reconnaissance team was formed in-situ and sent to SCP-ES-193-1 with standard equipment and fireproof suits. The following is the transcript of the communication between the Reconnaissance Team and the Command Station at Facility-33.

Equipo de Reconocimiento: R-Cap, R-1, R-2, R-3


[BEGIN LOG]


R-Cap: Alright everyone, suits in order? Weapons at the ready?
R-2: Ready to go.
R-3: All ready.
R-1: We're ready.
R-Cap: Correct. Command, requesting permission to begin operation.
Command: Granted. Remember to take as many samples as you can and aim your cameras to anything that seems important to you.
R-Cap: Received, command.
R-Cap attempts to open the door of SCP-ES-193-1 using its handle, unsuccessfully. R-Cap kicks the door twice and it opens. The Reconnaissance Team watches the inside for a few seconds, and then enters in a line.
R-1: I can barely see anything, it's too dark in here. Shouldn't the fire illuminate things a little?
R-2: For some reason the outside light doesn't seem to be able to penetrate here.
R-Cap: Flares. We have some, but we will need more. I can't see the bottom with the flashlight
R-1: I can bring more.
R-Cap: Go, R-1. R-2, R-3, help me find out what we're stepping on.
R-1 walks out the door behind them, while the rest of the recon team lights up and moves up slowly.
Command: R-Cap, where is R-1?
R-Cap: He came out the door a few seconds ago. He should be near you by now.
Command: Our cameras didn't detect anyone leaving the train, R-Cap. We've lost contact with R-1.
R-Cap: (Pausing) Roger that, Command. You heard the man, Team, exit is forbidden.
R-3: Shit!
R-2: I told you to use the bathroom before we came here.
R-Cap: Stop it, you two. (lights a flare) We only have few and we will have to make good use of them if we are to understand what is happening here. I want both of you to illuminate every corner and object that the light from my flare will not reach.
The Reconnaissance Team begins to advance through the train. Chairs, curtains, suitcases and clothing are seen burned, along with torsos and human limbs similar to the views outside the train. Graffiti is visible on the walls, ceiling and floor. The view from the outside is overshadowed by the fire.
R-3: At this point we should have reached the rear wagon.
R-2: I can't see the end.
R-3: I can't see where we came in.
R-2: It's a spacial anomaly.
R-Cap: Comand, what does the GPS say?
Command: The GPS shows no movement since you entered, R-Cap.
R-Cap: Extradimensional.
Command: It's one of the possibilities we're shuffling. Please keep going.
R-Cap: Roger. You heard him, team.
(Exploration continues without incident for 9 minutes)
R-2: Captain, something's wrong.
R-Cap: Talk to me, R-2.
R-2: I feel like I've seen this suitcase before ( Pointing to a burnt suitcase on one of the chairs in the right row)
R-3: There are hundreds of suitcases everywhere, they might just be similar.
R-2: No, I'm sure I saw this same suitcase before.
Command: R-Cap. You could be in a recursive hallway. Establish a point of reference and move forward.
R-Cap: Understood, command. R-2?
R-2: Yes captain.
R-2 opens the suitcase, picks up clothes from the floor and puts them on top of the suitcase in such a way that they look like the number two.
R-2: It's done.
R-Cap: Very good. Forward.
Reconnaissance team continues to advance for 12 minutes. The suitcase is not seen again
R-3: Are we stuck in here forever?
R-2: Don't start-
R-Cap raises his fist in silence and the rest of the team is silent. R-Cap opens his palm next to his right ear and then points to a point forward. The rest of the team quickly points their flashlights at the indicated area, but nothing strange is visible. No sound from outside the team can be heard by the On-Site Command.
The team advances slowly, until the silhouette of what appears to be a squatting woman with hands on her face is seen from the camera. R-Cap signals with her hands, and the rest of the team points their weapons at the silhouette. R-Cap begins to approach while the rest of the team remains in position.
As R-Cap approaches, sobs become more and more audible. R-Cap is a short distance away from the woman, who seems unaware or ignorant of the presence of R-Cap. R-Cap ducks grabbing the woman's shoulder, and the woman collapses on the floor, and R-Cap leaps back, visibly frightened.
R-3: What was that?
R-2: What did you do?
R-Cap: I…
The team approaches R-Cap, and they point their flashlights at the woman, until they reach her face.
R-2: Shit.
R-3: Is that…
R-Cap: Veronica. My first partner.
R-3: But she died forever ago.
R-Cap: No, we don't know. She could still be around somewhere.
R-2: If the fall didn't kill her, hunger sure did.
R-Cap: No, no. But she's not her. That was in a very different place than this, this must be some copy or illusion
R-2 points his flashlight at the woman's legs, revealing damage that seems to match that of a high-rise fall.
R-2: I don't know what that was, but whatever it is, it's dead now.
R-Cap: (Pausing) Yes. Command, has our position budged?
Command: I'm afraid not. Please continue forward.
The team continues to advance for twenty seconds, when panting is heard. R-Cap quietly orders the team to follow him with ready weapons.
As R-Cap approaches the sound source, the chairs in the left row are no longer visible, and the wall appears to change from metal to concrete. R-Cap finally manages to reach what appears to be a human body stuck inside a wall, gasping and twisting its head, hands, and right foot, the only parts outside the wall.
R-Cap slowly approaches, points the light at the face of the entity, and immediately approaches it.
R-2: Shit, captain! What are you doing?
R-Cap: Can't you see they might need help? (Pushes and hits the concrete wall three times) Be calm my friend, we're here to help.
R-Cap touches the entity's left hand, after which it tilts its head to the ground and stops panting. R-Cap steps back quickly, while R-3 attempts to take the entity's pulse.
R-3: He's dead.
R-2: (Crouches down and points his flashlight at the face of the entity) ¿Andrew?
R-3: That's impossible. He had died that time on the railroad tracks
R-Cap: We don't know that! And this wasn't Andrew, so stop mentioning it and let's go.
R-3: Captain, are you okay?
R-Cap: I said let's go.
R-Cap continues to advance, with his team behind him, walking slightly faster. The flare goes out, after which R-Cap lights another one quickly. The team continues to advance without incident for 4 minutes.
R-3: I hear panting.
R-2: Me too, a little further up.
R-Cap: Probably more illusions.
R-2: Over there.
Between the seats of the train the bodies of six people are visible. Five show signs of severe crushing and some lack limbs. One of the specific bodies is severely deformed and its leg inflated, and its skin has a greyish pigmentation. Despite this, they breathe, pant and tremble. As R-Cap tries to approach them, they collapse. R-2 and R-3 manage to confirm shortly after that they are all dead.
R-2: You haven't said a word or moved an inch. Do you recognize these corpses?
R-Cap: (A five second pause.) No.
R-2: You're lying.
R-Cap: No.
R-3: It's easy to tell when you're lying, captain.
R-Cap: I said I'm not lying.
R-2: You know these people. All of them so far, they've all had some form of relation to you.
R-Cap: Shut up, two, you're an asshole, you don't know what you're saying.
R-3: Captain, what are you hiding?
R-Cap: Nothing!
R-2: Capitán, what did you do to them?
R-Cap. I haven't done anything!
R-3: It's your fault.
R-Cap: It's not! I haven't done anything, god damn it!
Command: You killed them.
R-Cap quickly removes the safety catch from his blinding grenade in his pocket and throws it against the ground. The image of R-2 and R-3 goes blank for a few seconds, then the flare carried by R-Cap on the ground is seen.
The R-Cap image is dark and the corridor and seats are barely visible. R-Cap runs for several seconds until it encounters the silhouette of what appears to be a woman and stops. R-Cap's breathing begins to flutter as the silhouette begins to slowly approach.
Silhouette: And you'll keep killing everyone around you and those you love the most.
The silhouette is getting closer. R-Cap begins to hyperventilate
Silhouette: It's all your fault, Mocholi.
The emaciated face of SCP-ES-169-2 is visible
R-Cap fires at the entity for 20 seconds. When he leans to observe the entity, it can be seen smiling. R-Cap looks forward again and sees a gate. He opens it and crosses the threshold.


[END LOG]


At this point, R-Cap's GPS position moves instantly to one of the SCP-ES-193-2 access gates. Seconds later, the rest of the recon team leaves SCP-ES-193-1, visibly confused and wounded. They are quickly transported to the infirmary at Installation-33.



Addendum C
- Infermary Questioning -


Luego de que sus heridas fueran tratadas, se llevaron a cabo entrevistas con los miembros del equipo de reconocimiento. Lo siguiente son extractos de las entrevistas realizadas al Agent Torres y el Agent Días

Entrevistador: Investigador Junior Gonzalo Venegas
Entrevistado: Agent Torres ("R-2")


[INICIO DEL REGISTRO]


Dr. Venegas: Good evening, Agent.
Agent Torres: Good evening, Doctor
Dr. Venegas: How are your wounds?
Agent Torres: I feel alright. But I assume you'd know best.
Dr. Venegas: A few more weeks and you'll be good to go. You know how this all works, Torres.
Agent Torres: Go ahead.
Dr. Venegas: In short, tell me, what did you see when you entered the train?
Agent Torres: Well Días, Mocholí, the rookie and I got into the car as ordered. The outside light didn't come in, and we could barely see through the windows through the surrounding fire. For some reason, there were no flames inside, but everything was burned. Luggage, seats, all in darkness.
Agent Torres coughs twice
Agent Torres: Well, nothing was too interesting until we came across several bodies. The first ones were people who had been on our team before, and the last ones we didn't recognize. I think they may have something to do with Mocholí's trip to Cuba, he never wanted to tell us much about it. The strangest thing, however, was that every time Mocholí saw a panting body, he quickly approached to… kill them personally. And it's very strange because Mocholí has never been an easy trigger, much less with things that are visibly wounded. But the strangest thing was when we began to ask him if he recognized the bodies. He didn't answer us. I tried to put my hand on his shoulder, but as soon as I got closer he turned around and started shooting at us, and then he ran. Dias and I are fine, but the rookie got one in the head.
Dr. Venegas: It's unfortunate. Martinez had been part of the security of this facility for several years. Did you say, then, that Mocholí knew these people?
Agent Torres: I'm sure of it. And I think these people knew something that Mocholí didn't want us to know. Mocholí is hiding something. I'm not sure what or why, but I'm sure it must be something bad. It's kind of morbid to think that your old captain could be a murderer. With the respect he had for the man. But everything checks out, whenever we have someone new on the team they end up dying, it can't be a coincidence.
Dr. Venegas: It must be hard. Well, that's all for today, you can rest.
Agent Torres: Thank you.


[END LOG]



INTERVIEWER: Junior Researcher Rayen Venegas
INTERVIEWEE: Agent Días ("R-3")


[BEGIN LOG]


Agent Días: … and the madman comes and shoots us all. Bang, bang, bang! Two wounded and one down. But it's normal work stuff, you know? We're in mortal danger every day, don't you think that's interesting, sweetheart?
Dra. Venegas: Ajá… So you say Mocholi shot them when you asked him about the bodies? Did you know those people?
Agent Días: Yes. Veronica, an unforgettable woman. She died on her first day. Andrew more of the same, but forgettable. The rest unknown. I have the theory that they have to do with that trip that Mocholí made to Cuba. Nobody, not even him, told us exactly what happened, but soon there were cuts in staff and more gringos on Venezuelan soil. I'm not sure how things are there now, but it seems that the gringos have it under control because they haven't needed us there again since.
Dra. Venegas: The Incident in Cuba, yes, I'm aware of it. We all received an email with a summary of the situation and some documents that same day. What happened after the shots were fired?
Agent Días: Mocholi ran away. Torres tried to follow him but the bullet in his leg did not let him. I helped Torres walk in the opposite direction and dragged the rookie. Strangely enough, we arrived at the entrance in less than a minute.
Dra. Venegas: CI understand. Well, that would be all for today, you can continue resting.
Agent Días: One moment, doctor.
Dra. Venegas: Yes?
Agent Días: You know, there's plenty of room in this bed for another person. Why don't w—
Dra. Venegas: No.


[END LOG]




Addendum D
- SCP-ES-193-2 -



The following transcript takes place exactly after the events that occurred during Addendum B


Participants: Agent Mocholí ("R-Cap")


[BEGIN LOG]


R-Cap turns off his handset and squats with his hands on his face for 17 seconds, preventing the camera on his shoulder from giving a good view of his surroundings. R-Cap rises and screams for 3 seconds
R-Cap: Idiots! I've got nothing but idiots on my squad! (With a mocking voice) Just be patient, Mocholí, The Foundation will assign you a better team, The Foundation knows what it does, just trust The Foundation and you will see how there are fruits. The Foundation always rewards efforts. (In his normal voice) Fuck the Foundation! Years of service without denying a single mission no matter how dangerous it might be, showing unconditional loyalty, and what happens? They stab me in the back! My fucking team and the fucking The Foundation. I didn't do anything to those people, for fuck's sake!
R-Cap continues this behavior for 12 seconds. Meanwhile, the camera focuses on a dimly lit corridor. Seats consistent with those of the previous car are seen at different points on the walls, ceiling, and floor. The corridor is severely damaged by fire, with some portions exposed to the outside. Despite this, the light from the fire outside does not penetrate the interior. Several empty doors and door frames in both walls of the narrow corridor, and the phrase 'it was a bad idea' is seen at a point on the left wall near R-Cap.
R-Cap: Sons of bitches. I'm going to prove to you that I deserve my own task force, I'm going to clean up this whole stupid train all by myself.
R-Cap lights a flare and throws it hard. The end of the wagon is not discernible, and the corridor continues as described above. R-Cap observes his surroundings
R-Cap: "It was a bad idea." Yes, it was a bad idea. We should have spent the night at Installation-57 instead of this pigsty. It was just driving a couple more hours. Days and their goddamn impatience.
R-Cap opens one of the doors, finding a small furnished room for two people. The light from the lamp on the bedside table is on, the drawers in the small wardrobe are open, and the bed is in disarray.
R-Cap: Looks like they left this place in a hurry. The fire must have caught them sleeping
R-Cap goes through the drawers. Among them are pictures, water bottles and food cans. R-Cap stops when it finds the back of a photograph with the phrase 'April 13, 2013'. When he turns it around, he sees a photograph of him and his crew dining in Cafeteria 4 of Facility-33. The photograph has a red cross drawn on Mocholí's face, with the phrase 'The Day the Murderer Died' next to it. R-Cap makes it a ball of paper and throws it against the ground.
R-Cap leaves the room and begins to inspect the others. As R-Cap moves down the hallway, markings of scratches on the walls begin to be seen, as well as bullet shells on the floor and some broken kitchen knives.
The inspection continues without further discovery for 15 minutes, when R-Cap encounters a room with broken door hinges. The phrase 'you were supposed to save us' [sic] is written with unknown dark material next to the entrance. R-Cap pushes the door slightly, it falls and a room becomes visible with a single chair in the middle, a burned and disfigured corpse over it, and a small pool of blood underneath. The room has the above phrase written repeatedly on the walls, ceiling and floor.
When R-Cap approaches the body, a knife next to the chair becomes visible, and the phrase 'I'm supposed to save you' [sic] cut into his left arm.
R-Cap: I guess things didn't turn out the way you expected. (Close the eyelids of the corpse) Me siento igual
R-Cap turns around and starts walking. Before leaving the room, a tired and gasping voice is heard.
Unknown Entity: Mocholí…
R-Cap quickly turns around and points his gun at the body.
Unknown Entity: You survived… Mocholí
R-Cap: Who are you? How do you know my name?
Unknown Entity: Mocholí… you're a murderer.
R-Cap fires three rounds into the cadaver, causing it to fall forward.
R-Cap: I am not a murderer!
Unknown Entity: You can't do anything to me, Mocholí.
R-Cap: What do you want?
Unknown Entity: You to keep killing.
R-Cap fires four times into the cadaver.
R-Cap: I'm sick of this shit. I didn't kill anyone! The blood of these people isn't on my hands! I don't care what they all say, my conscience is clear!
Unknown Entity: Mocholi… I was once like you. With anger, confused… fear. Mocholí… listen to me. Ignore everything. Things beyond what you can see are happening. It happened to me and it will happen to you. We were wrong… Mocholí. The people… the people on this train. The people who are still… still alive. You must kill them all. Do it before it's too late… before the infection continues to spread. You can't… let this keep happening. Help us… Mocholi. Kill us.
R-Cap: Why should I listen to you? Why should I even trust you?
Unknown Entity: Mocholi… I'm the only person you could trust.
R-Cap approaches the cadaver.
Unknown Entity: I learned something, Mocholi… When strange things happen to you… to the world. You can only trust…
The corpse begins to move its hand slowly towards a pocket in its jacket, until it takes out a small syringe with a grayish liquid inside.
Unknown Entity: In yourself.
The body squeezes the syringe until it breaks. As soon as the gray liquid touches its hand, the body quickly begins to regain a natural tonality in its skin, hair begins to grow from its head, and its eyes begin to rehydrate. When the body is lifted, her face twists until it finally forms the identical, but aged, face of R-Cap.
R-Cap: What happened to me?
Unknown Entity: I couldn't tell you.
R-Cap: How's that supposed to help me?
Unknown Entity: If I tell you, you'll be damned, too.
R-Cap: I don't care. You realize we're the only two in this room and I'm the one with the gun? You're in no position to refuse to speak.
Unknown Entity: I'm only trying to help.
R-Cap: Yeah, uh-huh, like someone who looks just like me means it's me. I don't care if you have one of the phrases that coaches at The Foundation like to say marked in your low quality script. Answer, what happened here?
Unknown Entity: I see. So this is how it's gonna be.
R-Cap: Eh?
The entity ducks to pick up the knife. R-Cap shoots him while he tries to get up. Before losing balance and falling backwards, the entity throws the knife in the direction of Mocholí, causing a wound in his stomach and making a hole in his suit.
R-Cap picks up the knife and approaches the entity
R-Cap: I don't know what you were going to accomplish with that, but it didn't work.
The entity points the finger at its stomach, revealing a scar at the point where R-Cap received the wound.
Unknown Entity: You understand now?
R-Cap: I understand you're a danger to this operation.
R-Cap shoots the legs and arms of the entity. The entity screams and squirms
R-Cap: If I can't neutralize you, I'll keep you from giving me more trouble.
Unknown Entity: You're an idiot, Mocholi! You're just going to condemn them all!
R-Cap leaves the room, lifts the door and places it in its frame. R-Cap continues the exploration. As R-Cap moves through the corridors, it begins to encounter more burned corpses in various rooms, matching humans of different ages and genders. Some of the corpses were still panting and complaining of pain, having an empty syringe somewhere in their room. Inanimate corpses did not have this syringe in their room. The exploration continued uneventfully for 27 minutes.
R-Cap: Finally, the end wagon.
R-Cap tries to open the door, but it's locked.
R-Cap: Oh, shit. Oh, shit. I didn't want to have to use them yet.
R-Cap puts his hand inside his fireproof suit and pulls out a small explosive. He places it next to the door, presses the only button on the device and then runs and hides in the nearest room. 15 seconds later, an explosion is heard, while the camera shakes for a second. R-Cap leaves the room and you can see the semi-open door.
R-Cap is approaching. As he stretches his hand to open it, the audio signal picks up sounds similar to chewing. R-Cap stands still for 13 seconds, then opens the door. A single humanoid-shaped entity, approximately 5 meters high, and abnormally long and large hands, is seen eating what appears to be a girl's corpse. R-Cap takes a step back. The entity stops chewing while straightening its posture. Slowly she turns back, revealing seven human-like eyes at different points on her head and a small mouth on her chin. The entity opens its mouth abnormally, expanding it along its throat to the chest and engulfs the corpse completely. He turns his head slightly while looking at R-Cap, and blinks twice.


[END LOG]




Addendum E
- Kirian Mocholí -




— Agent Kirian Mocholí Personnel File —




Photo of Kirian Mocholí


 
Name: Kirian ██████ Mocholí ███████
Serial Number: 619-210-391-3
Nationality: Venezuelan
Age: 28
Position: Reconissaince Team Captain("R-482")
Security Clearance: 2
Location: Facility-33
 


— SCP Foundation —
— Latin American Region —




— Background —


Hired on 08/31/2004 under the recommendation of Dr. Garcia, who operated incognito as his professor of Olympic career at the Central University of Venezuela. Kirian Mocholí quickly demonstrated leadership skills during his first test missions, securing the captaincy in a reconnaissance team just three months after his hiring.
He has participated in the initial exploration of twenty-four Class-Segura and Class-Euclid anomalies, and laid the groundwork for the in-depth exploration of thirteen Class-Keter anomalies in Venezuela, Peru, and Colombia.
Despite his merits, good general behavior with his coworkers, and willingness to work, Agent Mocholí demonstrates large amounts of stress when a coworker is decommissioned in action. This has been considered a disadvantage, and his promotion has been prevented.
Update 03/05/2013: Given the concerns of his peers about the significant increase in stress of Agent Mocholi, from today he is sent to mandatory psychological evaluations every two weeks indefinitely.
Update 04/13/2013: An investigation conducted by the SCP Foundation's Abnormal Crimes Department has determined that Agent Mocholi is responsible for the murder of all of his teammates killed in action. According to Detective Andrey Stidav, Agent Mocholi has made unauthorized use of anti-meméticos to cover up his crimes. The videos obtained during his current exploration of SCP-ES-193 would have been the final piece to close the case. MTF Ny-13 ("Cult of 13") is being sent to Facility-33 for arrest and subsequent mobilization to Facility-17.1.


— SCP Foundation —
— Latin American Regio —




Addendum F
- SCP-ES-193-3 -



The following transcript takes place exactly after the events that occurred during Addendum D


Participants: Agent Mocholí ("R-Cap")


[BEGIN LOG]


R-Cap is motionless in front of the entity. The entity stretches its head through the door sill, revealing an abnormally extensible neck. In a few seconds, the face of the entity reaches R-Cap, which remains motionless. The entity observes him closely, blinking his eyes separately and seemingly at random.
At the edge of the camera it looks like R-Cap slowly lowers his hand. The entity seems to ignore, or be unable to observe, the gray parts of R-Cap's fireproof suit, seeming only interested in the portion of the helmet that has a dark visor.
R-Cap manages to reach his belt, and a clicking sound is heard, after which he stands still again. The entity's mouth moves from its chin to the center of its face, while its eyes are rearranged to give it space.
Unknown Entity: (In a guttural voice) What…(pause) are you?
R-Cap: I-II am…
The entity quickly tilts its head back, while its mouth moves to its neck and opens a huge mouth, from which in a few seconds seven extensible hands with a tongue-like appearance come out from inside and pull R-Cap. R-Cap tries to exert resistance, but the entity's mouth is becoming increasingly closer. The hands change their position in the R-Cap suit quickly and irregularly as they pull it.
Unknown Entity: (With a fast, high-pitched, guttural voice) Aluminium. Earth. Aluminium. Ash. Dust. Aluminium. Glass. Skin— (Pause) Skin..
The entity's hands return to its mouth, which then returns to its initial size as its head bows forward again..
Unknown Entity: (With a deep and guttural voice) Mocholí.
R-Cap: H-H-How did you…
The entity approaches a little, wobbling slightly as it moves and in a position similar to that seen in gorillas.
Unknown Entity: I recognize a rotten soul when I (Sighs while smiling and shaking slightly) feel it. Delicious.
R-Cap: I… I guess it's over. I guess I'll never get what I wanted. (Crying) I guess I'll die with my team thinking I ran away like a coward. I failed them all.
The entity tilts its eyes upward, while shaking slightly and making choppy sounds similar to moose bellows
Unknown Entity: You tempt me so, Mocholí.
One of the hands of the entity quickly comes out of its mouth and begins to rub R-Cap's chest.
Unknown Entity: But your soul is destined to age well.
Two more hands come out from the mouth of the entity and hold R-Cap, lifting it a little above the air
Unknown Entity: You'll be worse. Much more rotten.
The entity brings R-Cap closer to itself.
Unknown Entity: Your sins are too many…
The entity opens its mouth and enters R-Cap inside. There, an abnormally large space is visible in which buildings, planes, ships, automobiles, sand and various humanoid figures are found everywhere. The remaining four hands of the entity point their seven fingers at R-Cap as they tremble. As R-Cap approaches the fleshy wall of the entity, it opens, revealing the other side of the corridor behind it. The entity releases R-Cap. R-Cap quickly turns around, the face of the entity being found looking at it from centimeters away.
Unknown Entity: …you won't even be able to forgive yourself.
The entity tilts its eyes upward, while shaking slightly and making choppy sounds similar to moose bellows
Unknown Entity: And on that day I will be there.
The neck of the entity retracts quickly while smiling. As soon as it crosses the threshold of the door, it closes violently
R-Cap stares at the door for two seconds, sighs, then lies on the floor, looking up. The ceiling is not discernible
R-Cap: I don't understand.
R-Cap leans left. No walls are visible.
R-Cap: Everybody's starting to say I'm some kind of killer, that I've done, I'm doing, and I'm going to do bad things.
R-Cap tilts to the right. No wall can be seen
R-Cap: But I haven't done anything they've said, but still, I can't help but feel horrible about everything.
R-Cap leans towards the ground. There is no floor visible
R-Cap: Maybe they're right. Maybe I've done all those things and there's something strange that keeps me from remembering or seeing it. An anomaly that doesn't let me see beyond what I think is real.
R-Cap gets up, and looks up. No roof is discernible
R-Cap: It's this train.
Lucen tenues appear, although no font is seen. Ceiling, walls and floor become visible, showing an unusually wide corridor. R-Cap looks at its surroundings
R-Cap: You hear me.
// They look a little brighter, and then they fade away//
R-Cap: Yeah, you can hear me. You are alive. You're conscious. You're doing all this! Please make it stop! I can do whatever you want, what do you need from me?
Small lights, similar to fireflies, begin to shine and levitate in the hallway. They move slowly in different directions.
R-Cap: Yeah, that's what you want, right? You want something from me. Just give me a sign and I'll do it, whatever, but get this over with, please.
The walls, ceiling and floor are no longer visible. Two soft lines of light form a zigzagging path that rises to what appears to be a black tree devoid of leaves. R-Cap follows the path
As R-Cap progresses, the dark room begins to take on a grayish color, and later changes to light blue. Large clouds begin to form above, while green circles expand in the ground and then grow on them grass, trees and shrubs in an accelerated manner. At the end of the path, you see a bench growing from the ground next to the tree, but the tree remains black. Butterflies and flowers are seen at some points in the scene, and the sound of chirping birds becomes audible
//When R-Cap reaches the top, look at the tree. R-Cap touches it with a finger, and immediately begins to take color and bloom, resembling a cherry tree. R-Cap puts his left palm on top, and a new branch begins to grow. The branch is subdivided into thirteen more branches, and from each one grows a black rose that rots after flowering, and begins to turn black the rest of the tree, until it returns to its original state //
From the tree, the rest of the landscape begins to turn black again, until finally only R-Cap is visible
R-Cap: I… need to plant a tree?
R-Cap screams in pain and looks down. His left foot is no longer visible
R-Cap: I need to avoid planting trees?
R-Cap screams in pain, loses balance and falls. He sits down and it can be seen that his left leg is no longer there.
R-Cap: Shit! I don't know! I don't fucking know!
An enormous guillotine falls from above in front of R-Cap. R-Cap is visible in the reflection of the blade
R-Cap: ¿I need to kill someone?
His foot and right leg disappear as he screams in pain, and two more guillotines fall to his side
R-Cap: Fuck! How am I supposed to know what you're trying to tell me?
Three more guillotines fall next to him. One of them falls on his left arm, which disappears shortly thereafter. R-Cap wheezes and twists in pain
R-Cap: What the fuck do you want?! Actually, I don't care anymore! Just do whatever you want!
Seven more guillotines, one by one, fall around him. R-Cap is rotated to observe them, and their reflection is visible in all of them. The guillotines begin to raise their knives in unison until they reach their top, and then fall quickly. After falling, the R-Cap reflection lacks a head
R-Cap: You want me to die.
The missing extremities of R-Cap become visible again, while a large screen slowly manifests itself in front of it. In it, it is visible to MTF Ny-13 arriving at Installation-33, with a paper that has the image of R-Cap. The scene on the screen makes a close-up to the paper, and the phrase "Order of Termination" can be read.´2
R-Cap: The Foundation wants me to die.
The screen disappears, and the voice of the Agents Días and Torres are heard.
Agent Torres: I should have known he was behind everything. No one who tries so hard to look good should really be. That son of a bitch.
Agent Días: I almost saw him as a father, and I was right, he turned out to be as much of a son of a bitch as mine. Let him burn in hell3
R-Cap: My friends want me to die.
// A beam of light in front of R-Cap makes visible the Entity that resembled him in a chair, cutting his arms with a knife, and then cutting his neck//
R-Cap: I want to die…. No.
The light beam disappears
R-Cap: There has to be another way! There has to be another way!
A guillotine falls in front of R-Cap, with its blade at the top. When it falls, the blade breaks into many pieces. R-Cap looks at the pieces, in which each one is able to see its full reflection
R-Cap: I guess break instead of die. Sounds like a good deal.
The guillotine deforms and squeaks to form a smile
R-Cap: I accept.
//The guillotine disappears, and the wide corridor previously described becomes visible again //
R-Cap: (Sighs) I wonder if the MTFs will also have to deal with these kinds of things on a daily basis.
The sound of rapid footsteps begins to be audible. R-Cap turns around and points the gun at the door behind it. As the footsteps become faster, R-Cap begins to lower his gun
The sound of a strong shock and a small tremor occurs at the same time as the door is severely dented
R-Cap: Shit!
The door is dented again after another crash
R-Cap: Leave me alone!
The door breaks in two and the face and one of the arms of the previously described high entity quickly approaches R-Cap. The arm takes R-Cap and hits him against the ceiling and floor. The camera acquires a crack. R-Cap sits, and watches as the entity's neck quickly extends to open its mouth and abruptly bite off a large portion of R-Cap's left leg.
Unknown Entity: (With a deep and guttural voice) Just a taste!
R-Cap screams and trembles in pain as the entity retracts its neck and arm. The arms inside the entity's mouth are seen touching and rubbing the leg before disappearing behind the door.
R-Cap complains and starts coughing. Some drops of blood fall on the chamber. R-Cap begins to breathe slower and slower as slow footsteps are heard approaching
A humanoid entity with a mask covering its head and torso appears from one of the edges of the camera. The entity touches R-Cap twice and takes a step back. Then it approaches, extends its arms toward the camera, revealing the lack of its right hand, and the feed is cut


[END LOG]


After 28 seconds, R-Cap's GPS position spontaneously moved to the SCP-ES-193-4 input.



Addendum G
- SCP-ES-193 Breaching Attempts -


Following the arrival of MTF Ny-13 at the scene, and the completion of the evacuation of the anomalies to Emergency Bunker 33-01, a series of experiments were conducted to determine a way to successfully extract Agent Mocholi from the anomaly.



Test 1


Subject: SCP-ES-193-1
Process: Use an electric disc saw to create an opening in the shell.
Result: Once opened, a large number of burned corpses, some devoid of their limbs, fell from the hole in the metal. Despite attempts to remove the bodies to enter, it was determined that the number was too high to ensure the success of the operation, and it is theorized that its manifestation is infinite.




Test 3


Subject: SCP-ES-193-2
Process: Use an electric disc saw to create an opening in the shell.
Result: Apenas se hizo un agujero pequeño en la coraza, los dientes de la sierra se rompieron. Al observarse el agujero, se vió un ojo parcialmente humano mirando hacia afuera.
Note: En pos de evitar la posible brecha de una anomalía desconocida en la Instalación-33, el agujero resultante fue parchado con una placa de metal poco después




Test 7


Subject: SCP-ES-193-3
Process: Use an electric disc saw to create an opening in the shell.
Result: As the saw began to cut the metal, many high-pitched cries could be heard as the armor of the train twisted and trembled slightly. In addition to this, the small cut area bled and flesh was observed inside.
Note: Subsequent examination of the blood determined that it belonged to a variety of Facility-33 personnel, while a smaller percentage did not match the DNA of another living human.




Test 11


Subject: SCP-ES-193-4
Process: Use an electric disc saw to create an opening in the shell.
Result: Failure. The saw was unable to create damage to the shell.




Test 12


Subject: SCP-ES-193-4
Process: Blow up the main door.
Result: Failure. This train car appears to be indestructible.




Test 13


Subject: SCP-ES-193-5
Process:Open the door normally.
Result: The door opened. The internal proportions of SCP-ES-193-5 are slightly larger than the external ones, however, the wagon does not present any other anomaly. MTF Ny-13 is stationed in position to await the possible entry of Agent Mocholi into SCP-ES-193-5.



Addendum H
- SCP-ES-193-4 -



The following transcript takes place exactly thirteen minutes after the events that occurred during Addendum F.


Participants: Agent Mocholí ("R-Cap")


[BEGIN LOG]


//Resumes transmission with the R-Cap camera, however, he is absent from the scene. Instead, it is seen the entity with the mask described in Annex F. The entity moves and rotates the camera from side to side, appearing to examine it. It then focuses its vision on a point outside the camera //
Unknown Entity: What is this and what did you say it does?
R-Cap: (With a tired voice) A camera. It is used to record things. Just don't press the button on it, I don't feel like being seen.
Unknown Entity: What is 'record'?
R-Cap: It's wh— Oh, you turned it on. Forget it.
The entity holds the camera against its left shoulder and approaches a small bed composed of stone and the leather of an unknown animal. A humanoid figure is barely visible under the leather
Unknown Entity: Mocholí, come on, wake up, you can't just leave your pet lying there.
The entity removes the leather from the bed, revealing R-Cap. R-Cap wears the standard suit that was delivered to him for the scan, but with some leather patches. These patches are also found above all the logos of The Foundation. The stump on his left leg is covered in leather and surrounded by thick branches. The face of R-Cap is dirty, the beard is neglected, and the eyes are red.
Unknown Entity: Get up!
R-Cap: No!
R-Cap covers himself again.
Unknown Entity: You know, when I brought you to the village it was for you to help us, repair things, cook, harvest, whatever, not for you to lie all the time in my bed! You could at least take a bath.
R-Cap: And if I don't serve them, why don't they just kill me? They already eat humans anyway
Unknown Entity: It's different. Those were already dead.
R-Cap: Then give me a rope and what happens ha—
Unknown Entity: Were you married to the Foundation?
R-Cap: No. Don't talk to me about it. I just want to rest. Turn off the camera.
Unknown Entity: You could have given your pet a nicer name.
R-Cap: Just press the flashing red button.
The transmission is lost. Thirteen seconds later, it resumes. In the scene an inclined cave can be seen, and R-Cap trying to climb up using a cane. R-Cap stops, and turns around
R-Cap: Shit, I told you not to turn it on!
Unknown Entity: Leave Monita alone! She wants to hear the story too!
R-Cap: It's just a camera!
Unknown Entity: Animals have rights too!
R-Cap: (Sighing) Whatever. Just don't record my face.
Unknown Entity: It's done! Well, where was I? Ah, yes. And then Aiucthejh'zhis called a meeting with my ancestors, telling them that the end of an era had come, and that they should mount the great black dragon before it was too late. Then Aiucthejh'zhis, with the help of Guarc'hles and Setoth'Chhi, achieved the impossible. Tame the black dragon. They called everyone, as many of my ancestors as they could, and rode the dragon together. Things were going well, but the tyrant Xojhoxr and his followers looked badly on the actions of Aiucthejh'zhis. They called him impure, sinner, and claimed that the presence of my ancestors elsewhere would only pollute the waters and bring them back to the end of another era, to an endless cycle of suffering. Aiucthejh'zhis accused him of heresy, and Xojhoxr was condemned to the dragon's tail.
At this moment, a light at the end of the cave can be seen
Unknown Entity: But Xojhoxr wouldn't just stand there with his arms folded, no no no no.
The camera is turned over, focusing on the mask of the entity
Unknown Entity: Isn't it, Mona? (Waving the camera slightly, babbling) Isn't it, you little pretty thing? Isn't it?
R-Cap: It's just a fucking camera.
Unknown Entity: Monita and I can't hear you. Well, as I told you, Mona, and then the followers of Xojhoxr got angry. They started a revolt trying to stop the black dragon from reaching its destination. They made their way all over the back, destroying farms, houses, and killing animals and brothers and sisters alike. It was a terrible massacre, which only worsened when Xojhoxr was released. Xojhoxr managed to weary the old shoulders of the black dragon with all its damage. They tried to fix their bleeding wounds of fire with as much as they could, but it was not enough, and he began to lose control, even touching impure lands, and some of the souls of those condemned to Omhuthrhax were able to climb up. The massacre became genocide, with condemned and brothers losing countless lives. Xojhoxr and his people made their way to the head, and it was at that moment that Aiucthejh'zhis made a decision that would mark our villages for generations. Aiucthejh'zhis entered into the jaws of the dragon, and with his own hands and soul, gave him enough energy and determination to, even in spite of everything, reach new and clean lands.
When they reach the end of the cave, the white light illuminates the entire camera display. When it finishes adjusting to the outside light, a huge green landscape is visible, with trees, fields, and some small visible villages, composed of a total of ten houses and three churches. The sky is blue with several white clouds, and birds are seen flying between them. A blue sea, in the distance, is also observable. Wind can be heard and the grass under the feet of R-Cap moves slightly by this
Unknown Entity: All you see, Mocholi, is the corpse of the black dragon. The sacrifice of Aiucthejh'zhis. The work of my brothers and ancestors to raise us up after the tragedy. All this is my home and my story
R-Cap: It's beautiful.
Unknown Entity: Death doesn't have to be something terrible, Mocholí. Death is just the end of a cycle, the beginning of a new era. And only the sacrifices of those who die will determine the hope that will remain for the people who are still alive. Since Aiucthejh'zhis died, even in spite of Xojhoxr's fear and anger for condemning other lands, we have been happy. We have taken care of our world, and our world has taken care of us. We live in a peace that sometimes makes me think that I am really in paradise. And all thanks to the death of someone brave, who decided to sacrifice everything he had to change destiny. If it were not for Aiucthejh'zhis, I would never have found you. If it were not for Aiucthejh'zhis, we would never have been able to enjoy life. If it were not for Aiucthejh'zhis, my ancestors would be part of the damned.
R-Cap: But why did Aiu have to die? He never did anything wrong, he never deserved that fate, he deserved as much as anyone to be happy and fulfill his dreams.
Unknown Entity: Aiucthejh'zhis did not die because he deserved punishment, Mocholí. Aiucthejh'zhis died because in his generosity he was able not to stand idly by in the face of danger and to surrender his soul if that could mean the greater good. The happiness of others, the peace of all. Aiucthejh'zhis was a hero, and will never be forgotten. Even Xojhoxr surrendered to his nobility, and then helped us to build everything you see.
R-Cap: Maybe… (Pause) maybe you're right. I've been meditating a lot these months here. Everyone wants me dead, and I don't understand why, I don't understand why I should be me, they just keep saying it's the best and only reasonable thing. Maybe and like Aiu, it's just the best, but Aiu could at least imagine what might come out of his efforts, yet I…
Unknown Entity: Aiucthejh'zhis was not a seer, Mocholí. Aiucthejh'zhis was not even magical like Xojhoxr and his followers. Aiucthejh'zhis was only a normal person. He could not see the future, he did not even know if what he was doing would help anything or if it would even work. He only did it because he thought it would be best. He closed his eyes, wished good to everyone, and then made the ultimate sacrifice. It was the good wishes of Aiucthejh'zhis in the face of the unknown that finally made everything go well.
R-Cap: I…
//The entity leaves the camera on the floor, only the legs of both being visible. The entity approaches R-Cap, and gets on its toes for a few seconds before returning to a normal standing //
Unknown Entity: I know you, Mocholí. I know that beneath all your grief, beneath all your confusion, beneath all your anger and fear, there is a noble soul. One who would do the right thing if fate so requires. And I know that you will do what is best for all
(Pause)
R-Cap: Thank you, Zegny. You're very sweet. Really, thank you very much. I think without you I would never have gathered the courage to do this. But what will become of you?
Unknown Entity: We'll be fine, I promise. We always have been.
R-Cap: I see.
R-Cap lifts the camera off the ground, focusing on his face
R-Cap: Foundation, I'm ready. Do what you have to do.
R-Cap launches the camera down the mountain. The camera turns for a few seconds, in which you can see R-Cap entering a rusty metal door next to the cave, and the entity bidding farewell with his hand
The camera hits the ground, and the transmission is lost


[END LOG]


Thirteen seconds before transmission is lost, R-Cap's GPS position changes to the SCP-ES-193-5 input.



Addendum I
- SCP-ES-193-5 -



The following is a transcript of the video recorded by the cameras installed in SCP-ES-193-5 by MTF Ny-13


Participants: R-Cap. MTF Ny-13


[BEGIN LOG]


The door handle rotates, and opens. Through its threshold, R-Cap enters, who then closes the door behind it.


MTF Ny-13, wearing standard Foundation gear.


Ny-13 [Cap]: We've been waiting for you, Mocholí
R-Cap: Who are you?
Ny-13 [Cap]: We're from MTF Ny-13.
R-Cap: Ny-13? You look nothing like Ny-13.
Ny-13 [2]: He knows.
Ny-13 [1]: He's made it.
R-Cap: I don't understand.
Ny-13 [Cap]: Not yet.
Ny-13 takes a picture out of his pocket. The photograph shows a sketch of what is assumed to be a caricature of an unidentified creature of animal traits. This sketch is in a door from which grey tentacles emerge, and is next to a bed. Ny-13 Cap hands the photograph to R-Cap
Ny-13 [Cap]: Mocholí, do you know what this is?
R-Cap: I think it's ES-113, right? Wait why is she here? That's not it's room during the ES-120 incident is it? And I just remembered-
Ny-13 [Cap]: Yes, Mocholí, we know. We know quite well.
R-Cap: How did I not know before?
Ny-13 [Cap]: It's not your fault.
R-Cap: It must be anti-memetic—
Ny-13 [2]: It's not.
Ny-13 [1]: It was our first theory, but nothing could be further from the truth.
Ny-13 [Cap]: We've been following the case for a while.
R-Cap: If it's not antimemetic, then what is it?
Ny-13 [Cap]: We have no idea.
R-Cap: And why wasn't The Foundation doing anything?
Ny-13 [Cap]: They say the best place to hide is with the naked eye, and that's exactly what this thing does. It appears here and there always surrounded by coincidences with the number thirteen, doing things that sometimes don't even seem to have any logical sense between them, always doing what it wants, always undetectable by everyone, always smiling. We believe that it has something to do with this thirteenth number, that somehow gives it the strength to get away with it, and that it pulls the strings of the world so that this damned number is within the pattern of things.
R-Cap: But you're Ny-13, the Cult of 13.
Ny-13 [Cap]: It was intentional. We have done it so that if someone were to realize it, whoever, would communicate with us and join us. Besides that, we have no other relationship with the number, and we believe that is exactly what has allowed us to see beyond. Mocholí, we have been watching you, and we have seen that you have often been involved with this number in dangerous situations, but somehow you have always managed to get out alive.
Ny-13 Cap points to the left leg of R-Cap
Ny-13 [Cap]: Even more and more you disengage from the number. You no longer have thirteen joints.
Ny-13 [2]: We think he's been trying to kill you.
Ny-13 [1]: He's disappeared people before without a problem, but he hasn't done it with you.
Ny-13 [Cap]: We don't know exactly what, but you have, or you know, or you'll do something that could play against this thing's plans. Otherwise, you wouldn't have made so much progress in your disinfection. Otherwise, you'd be gone by now. You would have died by now.
R-Cap takes a step back, visibly confused
R-Cap: Who else knows about this?
Ny-13 [Cap]: Us and Triscaidecaphobia. We are three, and they are seven. They will not help us
R-Cap: Why?
Ny-13 [Cap]: They think it's impossible to stop this at this point, and they want to help him.
R-Cap: I…
Ny-13 [Cap]: Listen, calm down, I know it may be too much information but you have to help us. We have no idea what this thing wants to do but it doesn't point to anything good, and you are so far the only one who has managed to survive so much. This train can't be a coincidence. They should have brought it from the future to save us all.
R-Cap: I…. I'll help you.
Ny-13 [1]: Great.
Ny-13 [2]: I knew this train had to be the answer.
Ny-13 [Cap]: Glad to hear it. Welcome to Ny-13
R-Cap smiles
R-Cap: So, what's our mission, Captain?
Ny-13 [Cap]: Make way for Installation-13, neutralize SCP-ES-113, don't die trying. We don't care what this thing wants, it's doomed to lose.


[END LOG]




Addendum J
- Locomotive -



The following addendum has been classified as Level 5 in order of O5-13, and will not be visible to staff members with a lower clearance level who observe this document.




Attempt 13


Tool: Scranton Reality Anchor
Procedure: Use an electric disc saw to make an opening in the locomotive.
Result: Successful. The interior of the locomotive was small, blue and particularly tidy and clean. The floor had a large black Foundation logo. A control panel with hitherto unknown anomalous technology was found next to a chair with a corpse on top. In addition to the anomalous technology, no other strange details were found.





Image of the corpse


 


Footnotes
1. Abnormal Criminal Containment Facility 17
2. Thirteen seconds after the image was displayed, MTF Ny-13 arrived at Installation-33, repeating the scene.
3. By means of the security camera system, it was confirmed that this conversation was real, and took place thirteen seconds after it was seen in SCP-ES-193, in Cafeteria 4 of Installation-33.







                    