
                        

rating: 0+–x


"The Mona Lisa" by Leonardo Da Vinci affected by SCP-ES-065. Monochromatic filters have been applied for safety reasons.


Item #: SCP-ES-065
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the nature of the anomaly, it can not be really contained, so the procedures are limited to avoid that its cognitohazardous effect can spread among the population. Therefore, all the facilities of the world belonging to the Foundation have been duly notified of its existence and the importance of acting quickly. The personnel in charge of supervising the paint affected by SCP-ES-065 must have at all times special viewers that filter all the colors of the visible spectrum, since it has been verified that the monochromatic images cancel the effect of the anomaly. Investigating permanent containment methods is a matter of highest priority.
Description: SCP-ES-065 it is an anomaly detected in various portraits around the world. The paintings affected by this anomaly present distortions in the faces of the subjects portrayed, being the most distinctive in the form of black spots in the eyes and mouth, drastically changing their physiognomy. These distortions have been described on several occasions as "disturbing" and "perturbing" by Foundation staff. SCP-ES-065 exclusively affects polychromatic oils. It has been established that the maximum time of visual exposure to the phenomenon should not be greater than ten seconds to avoid its cognitohazardous effect. In any case, the general recommendation remains that at no time should visual contact be established with the phenomenon without wearing a special viewer. If visual contact is established, the observer remains immobile and without looking away from the eyes of the painting at any time, entering a catatonic state that can last from three hours to five ████. Once the catatonic state has been overcome, the subjects recover their consciousness and try to resume their routine normally, although some are unable to do so because of the muscular atrophy they have suffered after so long paralyzed. When asked the last thing they remember, they simply mention the word "Vysserath".
The subjects affected by SCP-ES-065 express their desire to continue with their lives and their recovery is usually rapid. However, after a few weeks they begin to develop an obsession with the anomaly, which is evident in their daily behavior, their habits and even their state of mind. The subjects usually develop paranoid, depressive, anxious disorders and in extreme cases, ████████████.

+ Addendum 1

- Addendum 1

A follow-up of subjects D-5███ and D-6███, both exposed to SCP-ES-065, has revealed that their obsession with the anomaly has reached a point where they spend all day muttering "Vysserath". I know there's nothing unusual about that, but there are nights when they scream that name for hours, and the nighttime guards become extremely stressful. I do not know if it's the shouting or that word that makes my hair stand on end, but just thinking that the effects of SCP-ES-065 could be spreading without our noticing…
Dr. ███




+ Addendum 2

- Addendum 2

The displacement pattern of SCP-ES-065 is completely unpredictable: in an instant you can be at the Louvre and a couple of hours later at the Metropolitan Museum of New York, or even in a portrait at home of any family. This behavior in conjunction with the whole "Vysserath" issue could suggest that SCP-ES-065 has some kind of awareness about itself and the effects it has. However, he seems unable to keep more than 24 hours in one place. I think we should continue to investigate about it.
Dr. Gray




+ Addendum 3: Incident 065-1A

- Addendum 3: Incident 065-1A

Incident 065-1A: The █/██/20██ (1:42 p.m. GMT), SCP-ES-065 was manifested in a religious picture in the Cathedral of ██████, ████, in the middle of a service of mass. According to testimonies collected by the Foundation's staff after the incident, the painting began to broadcast at full volume the catholic song "I Want to Look in Your Eyes" interpreted by a choir (This version of the song has not yet been identified, and it is believed that SCP -ES-065 created it). This event attracted the attention of all those present, who turned their attention to the painting, which was distorted by presenting the best known form of SCP-ES-065. Immediately afterwards, the whole congregation went abroad and began to provoke excesses. They broke sidewalks, burned cars, stormed shops and painted with various materials (subsequent analyzes detected spray paint, motor oil, coal, chalk, brick dust, █████ and ██████) representations of the "face" of SCP-ES-065 in how much surface they found. When the staff of the Foundation was present, the 95 members of the congregation lay on the ground, unconscious. Most recovered from the incident without any physical or psychological sequelae, nor memories of it, but five of them developed █████████████ and were referred to different mental institutions. A follow-up of their evolution shows that whenever they have some material that can be used to write, they dedicate themselves to scribbling SCP-ES-065 throughout their room. Sometimes they scream at night, mainly "Vysserath"; and two of them have spent hours singing "I Want to Look in Your Eyes". The relationship between this song and SCP-ES-065 is unknown, as well as the fact that such reactions only occur at night. The screams do not seem to have any cognitohazardous effect.





« SCP-ES-064 | SCP-ES-065| SCP-ES-066 »



                    