
                        

rating: +5+–x
Item #: SCP-ES-143
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-ES-143 is to be contained in an unlit chamber at Site PT6. SCP-ES-143 is always covered by a sheet, except for any required tests. Due to the Foundation-George diplomatic agreement, SCP-ES-143 has been transferred to the premises of the Confraternity of Saint George's Knights within the Holy See.
Description: SCP-ES-143 is a stone statue, 2 m high, depicting St. George of Cappadocia holding up a spear. It is estimated that the object dates back around 650 years, having been sculpted in the late Gothic style of the period.
When a subject of Portuguese heritage is found in the vicinity of the object, it displays the following characteristics and effects:

An increase in the levels of Akiva radiation registered.
Alteration of its appearance and/or of the perception of the subjects that observe it, reporting that its surface is extremely white and brilliant, resembling polished silver.
Slight increase of feeling of courage. The latter was discovered after multiple interviews with the subjects.

SCP-ES-143 has no effect on subjects without Portuguese heritage.
Subjects exposed to the lunar light reflected by SCP-ES-143 within a radius of 100 meters have expressed a greater sense of cooperation, as well as displaying, independent of their previous training and affiliation, knowledge of late medieval military tactics and a sense of exaltation and loyalty to the kingdom of Portugal. The effects described above reach their greatest intensity during the full moon, declining as the moon phases advance. The duration of the effect elapses until the new moon phase.
Subjects of Portuguese heritage exposed to sunlight reflected by SCP-ES-143 (henceforth referred to as SCP-ES-143-1) within a radius of 100 meters show xenophobic behavior towards any individual of French heritage1 or Spaniard or from the autonomous communities of Castile and León and Castile-La Mancha, independent of their previous beliefs, which would indicate that it would correspond to a mind-affecting effect. The duration of the effect elapses until sunset.
SCP-ES-143-1 instances will perceive subjects of French or Castilian origin as humanoids with traits characteristic of Reptilia class and Murinae subfamily, proceeding to look for a weapon and attack the subjects they perceive with these anomalous traits until their murder.
Discover: The object was discovered due to an incident in the Monastery of Batalha, in the town of Batalha, Portugal, in which the subject Alonso Basurto, after getting lost during a tourist visit to the place, was able to access the room where SCP-ES-143 was kept, proceeding, upon meeting again with the tourist group in which it participated, to attack three tourists from Castilla y León and a French tourist with a metal tube removed from a handrail.
During the incident, along with hitting the subjects, he insulted them, treating them as "dirty rats of Juan de Castilla hooked on a French snake" (sic). The subject managed to be reduced by monastery staff and the rest of the tourists, and was taken away by the police. After the investigation SCP-ES-143 was confiscated by local staff of the Foundation, the witnesses of the aggression and the victims being treated with Class B Amnestics, and leaking the cover story that A. Basurto was a subject suffering from schizophrenia.
Addendum 1: Anonymous journal extracts. After the police intervention, a journal was discovered whose author is unknown in a deteriorated state. The recovered passages, translated from Portuguese, are listed below.

+ Open Anonymous Journal Extracts

- Close Anonymous Journal Extracts


08/10/1385
I know the day is coming. A day where we can live without the Castile's yoke and its favorites or as I call them, yesmen. Thanks to our Lord, St. George of Cappadocia and the serene moon, we restored the honor three times lost by Fernando.
I'd never believe a bastard would help us so much, especially in Leiria.


08/12/1385
The bastard from Avís2 rallied all possible troops, including the English archers. He told us to gather on Aljubarrota and surprise them from the slope. We would be their mousetrap.
I knew there was something else, but I didn't know what it was.


08/13/1385
Last night wasn't a good night. We swore by St. George, by God and by the bastard. Not under the calm moon, but under the searing sun. I had heard old wives' tales from Leiria, rumors from other platoons whose eyes turned white of hatred when they saw the Castilians.
All I know is that those Castilians and their French allies will get what they deserve.


08/15/1385
It all worked out in our favor, fortunately. I know I shouldn't, but I must force myself to write it down, I must accept what I and my comrades-in-arms did…
We were waiting in our trenches when the French arrived at sunset. Once more elegant than the Castilians, their shining armor now melted with their skin to form green, sickly scales. Their hands changed to claws and their polished spears to bone spears with dried blood. When the archers hit the dragons, their chests were rotting and their jaws roared but with no sound, because they had no throat.
However, thanks to St. George, they were easy prey. The trenches frightened the horses and the dragons were ruthlessly silenced by the barrage of arrows.
After the French fled, the Castilians came. They looked even worse. Their faces fell to pieces as they revealed their rat interiors. I don't know much more about this, I just remembered how they shrieked as I struggled to stay alive.
At sunset, I knew this was over. The only thing left was simple: kill the runaways.
And that's how I tasted victory for the first time. It tastes like obligation and devotion to St. George.




Addendum 2: On 04/17/2001, the ambassador of the Brotherhood of the Knights of St. George, Benito Santoro, issued a handwritten note to Site PT6's Site Director:

Dear Site Director
Although we in both organizations do not know the nature of the statue, whether it would belong to an object of a divine or demonic nature, it would be a gesture we would appreciate if it could be given to us. We also request that in the case of the discovery of any object that might correspond to a relic related to Our Founder, St. George of Cappadocia, be entrusted to our possession after its necessary investigation.
In return, we will try to undo the problems and misunderstandings that may have arisen between your Italian division and the Confraternity, thus returning to the previous state of cordiality.
We look forward to your reply.
Sincerely,
Benito Santoro.

On 04/20/2001, O4 Council3 agreed to transport SCP-ES-143 with 7 votes to 2. Due to its better relations with the Confraternity of Saint George's Knights, the Spanish-speaking Branch sent a private plane to Site PT6 airport to transport SCP-ES-143. The journey went uneventful.
The voting to continue with the Foundation-George diplomatic agreement is still pending.

Footnotes
1. Heritage is defined of those whose family has lived four or more generations in those territories.
2. It is believed that mentions of the bastard refer to John I of Portugal, the bastard son of Peter I of Portugal, loved by the Portuguese middle classes and began to create a Portugal independent of the Kingdom of Castile.
3. Regional Council of the Lusophone Branch.


                    