
                        

rating: +4+–x


SCP-019-IT during the reproductive phase


Item #: SCP-019-IT
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: A single colony of SCP-019-IT is contained for research purposes in a structure for aquatic organisms at the Neptune Site. The pipes connected to this structure must contain gratings with spaces of width less than 2 cm (0,06 ft); in addition, the outlet water must be heated to 78°C (172,4°F) to denature the toxins produced by SCP-019-IT. Once every two months, 35 kg (77 lb) of vegetable material must be introduced into the tank to allow the specimens of SCP-019-IT to feed themselves.
Description: SCP-019-IT is a genetically modified species of marine organisms belonging to the Echinoidea class, commonly known as sea urchins. They are characterized by a round body that can reach a diameter of 14 cm (0.4 ft). There are no thorns on the body of SCP-019-IT, rather it posesses bumps that are connected to a venomous gland; when it feels threatened, SCP-019-IT releases from them a powerful neurotoxin in the surrounding area, which stimulates other specimens to release them in turn. The oral opening of SCP-019-IT has five sufficiently resistant bone-like plates to grind wood and small stones. SCP-019-IT is very adaptive and is capable of living in both fresh and salt water, at temperatures between -25°C (-13°F) and 60°C (140°F) and withstand pressures up to 48 atm (705 psi). SCP-019-IT can also enter a state of hibernation if there is not enough food for its subsistence.
SCP-019-IT reproduces by budding: when a specimen of SCP-019-IT reaches a body mass of about 40 g (0,08 lb), some specialized cells present on the dorsal area begin to reproduce rapidly, forming a new individual that comes off once reached the mass of about 12 g (0,02 lb). The newborn can reproduce itself after only 36 hours if it has enough food.
SCP-019-IT is capable of destroying entire ecosystems and cause the extinction of countless aquatic species in an extremely short time due to of its speed of reproduction, its adaptability and the lack of natural predators able to feed on it. For this reason, the SSM-II ("Legio Atlantidis") must investigate any news concerning SCP-019-IT and delete any specimen.
Recovery Log: A serious loss of fish occurred in 2016 in Marina di Sestri, Genova, attracted the attention of the Foundation, which sent the SSM-II to investigate. Analysis of seawater samples and fish carcasses revealed the presence of an unknown neurotoxin, particularly concentrated in an area about 400 m (1312 ft) from the coast. The area was explored through a modified 'Oceanus' drone that identified as a toxin source a large container resting on the seabed about 120 m (393 ft) deep. The SSM-II used a special ship to extract it and transport it to the Neptune Site, where it was opened; within it more than ████ specimens of SCP-019-IT were found. Twenty of them were contained to study them while the others were eliminated and incinerated.

Note of Captain Basilio Aramini, commander of the SSM-II:
SCP-019-IT represents an immense threat: just imagine what would have happened if that container had been opened. For this reason, I request the installation along the Italian coasts of sensors able to identify the neurotoxin produced by SCP-019-IT so as to be able to trace the free specimens.


Note from the Sixth Superintendent: The Council of S5 approves the request. The SSM-II can proceed with the creation and installation of the detectors both along the coasts and in the lake areas.

Addendum SCP-019-IT-A: During an SSM-IV ("Pugnus Ferri") raid, an aquarium containing four specimens of SCP-019-IT in a state of hibernation was found on a base of the "Occult Fascist Council". Further investigations led to the discovery of several encrypted documents concerning the creation and refinement of the entity, including a diary written by one of the researchers. The diary has been completely decoded, having been written with a relatively simple code; some pages are shown below.

+ Extracts from the documentation on SCP-019-IT

- Close


Date: 24/04/2016, page 1
Today there are new Chimeras from Base 9. The director Natti did not explain much, he simply told us that the dictator wants an antidote to their toxin that is also lethal for them, but not for "regular" organisms. I would have preferred some more details on how they were created, but I doubt that Natti himself knows it; I'll do some little research on my own.


Date: 24/05/2016, page 30
Even today we have failed. The Dictator will not be happy to know that the E-15 project is not finished yet. It had to be ready today, but nothing! Natti is terrified: tomorrow the Dictator will come here to see our results and we do not have… It makes me a pain, the manager, trembles like a leaf, he who is usually so arrogant and self-assured. Maybe he can get some more time.


Date: 25/05/16, page 31
Natti is dead. The Dictator has not tolerated its failure. Alberti took his place and the Dictator gave him another month. We are all working hard, but we have another weight on our conscience. But it doesn't matter; we are doing it for Italy, our country. Natti was a necessary sacrifice.


Date: 12/06/2016, page 49
The E-15 project is stalling. We have created a compound that can neutralize the Chimera neurotoxin, but we cannot kill them yet. If we knew what organisms were used to create them, perhaps we could use something that was poisonous for them; I will tell Alberti to ask for more information. If only I could identify them in time, maybe Natti would still be alive… I don't have to think about it, damn.


Date: 13/06/16, page 50
Base 9 was authorized to send us the data we needed; the animal at the base of the E-15 Chimeras is Arbacia lixula1 with traces of genome from other organisms, and their DNA has been integrated with that of Eunicella cavolinii2, with different sections directly modified. They did not tell us which genes they entered or modified, or at what level, but that's okay. We have to do it in 10 days: the month of time is almost over and nobody wants to see Alberti die like that.


Date: 18/06/16, page 55
We made it! The AntiE-15 compound is finally complete. Alberti contacted the Dictator, who said he was fully satisfied and that we will all be rewarded for our excellent work. The director told us that he would come in person, but that his commitments do not allow him.




Addendum SCP-019-IT-B: One of the documents found by the SSM-IV has been successfully deciphered. Its content is strictly reserved for Level 3 or higher personnel.

+ Enter login credentials

- Credentials entered, access allowed


Director Alberti,
First of all, I congratulate you for the excellent work done; unlike your predecessor, you have guided your subordinates with methodical precision and created a valuable tool for our final triumph. You have been a true leader and you have won my esteem and trust; so I'm going to put you in charge of Operation E-15.
This is nothing complex, don't worry. Simply, I want you to fill a container of Chimere E-15 and throw it into the sea, preferably in a populated area to quickly attract public attention. When this happens, you will be my spokesperson for the Republicans and you will report to them that we are the creators of beings who have poisoned the waters and that we alone possess an effective antidote. If they want us to use it, they will have to pay us; otherwise, we will free a colony in a water reservoir, as a second demonstration. I am sure that they will yield to the victims of their stupidity.
One last thing. In case you discover that the SCP Foundation is investigating your operations, cancel the mission. If you were discovered or, even worse, caught, the consequences could prove disastrous, so I urge you to be cautious.
Do not disappoint me, Alberti. I have great plans for you.
Dictator, Supreme Commander of the CFO.





Footnotes
1. Scientific name of the sea urchin.
2. Scientific name of the yellow gorgonian.


                    