
                        

rating: +2+–x
Item #: SCP-003-IT
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its nature, SCP-003-IT must be confined in its place of origin. A 10x10x10 meter perimeter is to be created around this location, to which access is only allowed to Class-D personnel. A minimum number of three (3) armed guards must be stationed regularly around the perimeter.

+ Revision 3-A

- Close

Due to the existence of multiple instances of SCP-003-IT being possible, the FIM-X Machinamenta has the task of intervening and securing the area concerned in case an instance should be located.



Description: SCP-003-IT is a luminous globe with a diameter of twenty (20) centimeters, apparently turning on its axis. It is currently not possible to determine what material it is made of. SCP-003-IT manifested inside an electronics store located in ██████ in the province of ████████, levitating about 160 centimeters in the air. The object always appears in the same place: next to a showcase containing laptops located at the bottom of the store. Its manifestations have been observed and have a precise cycle:

The object appears and remains visible for 30 minutes, then disappears for the next 20 minutes.
After this period, the object reappears for 30 more minutes, restarting the cycle.

No variation in this sequence has ever been observed. See Addendum SCP-003-IT-3.
The object has no effect until something comes into contact with it. When this happens, a strong flash of light is generated. At that moment, the globe and the object that came into contact with it will have disappeared. SCP-003-IT will reappear 20 minutes later, according to its normal cycle, although it is impossible to retrieve the object. After the A-003 test, it was discovered that the objects reappear in an unidentified place, completely enveloped by darkness. However, for unknown reasons, all video recording devices cease to function after a brief period of time while in this area.
All attempts to move SCP-003-IT resulted in [REDACTED].
SCP-003-IT was discovered on ██/██/20██, when the object first appeared, causing the shop owner to flee from in panic and attracting the attention of Agent ███████, who was nearby. The owner and all witnesses were given Class A amnestics, and the Foundation acquired the store.
Addendum SCP-003-IT-1:
Test A-003

<Start of log>
D-003 is a 27 year old Caucasian male, ex-dealer, and in stable mental condition. He is wearing a headset with a camera and a microphone. SCP-003-IT is facing him.
Dr. █████: Ok, are you ready to move on?
D-003: Yes Yes. I admit that I'm a shitting in my pants a little. How does this sphere stay in the air?
Dr. █████: You do not have to be afraid, we are in contact with you. Go ahead, now.
D-003 touches SCP-003-IT, and, as expected, a strong flash of light is released. Agents posted outside the store confirm that SCP-003-IT and D-003 have disappeared. The recovery of the camera shows a completely black environment.

Dr. █████: Do you see anything?
D-003: No, it's completely dark. What kind of fucking place is this?
Dr. █████: Take a few steps forward, please.
The sound of footsteps are heard.
D-003: I think I'm walking on ground, I feel pebbles under my feet.
The sound of D-003's steps confirm his words.
Dr. █████: Can you hear anything?
D-003: [After a few seconds] Yes, I seem to hear something, like the sound of wind through blinds. But it's very weak, I can barely hear it.
Dr. █████: Ok, continue walking and inform me on what is happening around you.
D-003 continues to walk for about 30 seconds when suddenly the camera pickup signals that the data transmission has stopped. The D-003 pickup is recording a loud tone.
D-003: [screaming] Oh, good God! No! No! Help! Help me! Oh my God, no! No! Help me, I beg of you!
D-003's microphone stops working. All attempts to resume contact with D-003 failed.
<End of log>

Addendum SCP-002-IT-3: Based on some assertions provided by SCP-006-IT, hyoptheses were born about the existence of a second instance of SCP-003-IT, although according to most of our research there would be many, localized in what could be "parallel dimensions", including ours.
Addendum SCP-003-IT-3: On ██/██/2017 there was a noticed variation in the cycle of SCP-003-IT. The object appeared with a delay of 15 minutes and with a reddish coloration, unlike the usual luminescent green, generating a magnetic field strong enough to damage all the electronic devices within a radius of 30 meters. SCP-003-IT then resumed its regular cycle with no further variations.


« SCP-002-IT | SCP-003-IT | SCP-004-IT »



                    