
                        

rating: +6+–x
Item #: SCP-709-KO
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedure: SCP-709-KO is to be kept in a standard Safe-class storage container. Personnel are strongly discouraged from interacting with SCP-709-KO in any way. All personnel cleared for contact with SCP-709-KO are to wear hazmat suits and gas masks to prevent potential biological damage.
Description: SCP-709-KO is a bust made from human body parts and flesh joined to multiple gears, gadgets, and metal rods. Specifically, the upper body of human male cut is affixed by a central metal rod, and its eyes replaced with light bulbs of a similar appearance to actual human eyes. Its skin does not decompose, due to prior embalming. Furthermore, vital organs including the brain have been replaced with multiple apparatuses whose mechanisms are not known. The identity of the man is as of yet unknown, and several benign tumors appear surgically attached to the face.
SCP-709-KO can be triggered in two different ways. One involves pressing a switch covered by the hair on the back of the object's head - apparently the original intention of the maker. When pressed, SCP-709-KO begins to levitate at approximately 1.7m, and its eye-like bulbs glow red. At the same time, gears and mechanism inside the object begin moving, but produces no sound audible to human ears. The mouth of SCP-709-KO will then open and emit a loud scream, which, however, merely appears to be a prerecorded human scream. It has been noted that multiple concurrent anomalous side-effects occur at this point, including the flickering of lights within a 30m radius of SCP-709-KO, and any live subjects within audible range suffering from hemorrhaging from the nose and ears, the latter resulting from minor injuries to the eardrum.
SCP-709-KO was originally created by a cleric of The Church Of Broken God chapter in the ██████ district of Vladivostok, Russia. According to Foundation surveillance logs, the cleric used SCP-709-KO as a conduit for 'miracles'. That is, it used it as a prop to work false wonders in order to expand the cleric's influence. The cleric has claimed SCP-709-KO to be the head of a Sarkite, referred Cogwork Orthodox nomenclature as "fanatics of 'Flesh'" (see Log SL/SCP-709-KO-1 )

＋ Log SL/SCP-709-KO-1

－ Log opened


The Minister: Now in front of you lies a human head. Ah, please, don't be surprised. As I told you last time: The Fanatics of the Flesh are the deranged who butcher and reassemble themselves for revival. However, Volume 55 12:9 of the Schema states: "At this time, he saw those accursed men and said, 'It would be better for them-those who does not believe in me- to have a large millstone hung around their neck and to be drowned in the depths of the sea.'"' Therefore, I say as God has said: Fanatics of the Flesh are better off beheaded like this (points SCP-709-KO). Therefore I say as God says: Do not feel pity for them, for they do not stay dead even without their body. Behold!
(The minister touches the back of the head of SCP-709-KO and presses the switch.)
(The anomalous property of SCP-709-KO are triggered. Present subjects appear terrified by the scream and bleeding. Some try hiding under chairs, others appear to attempt to pray it away.)
Church Deacon1: Silence! Silence!
Minister: Stop! Calm down! People, please, sit down, sit down. He is decapitated. He still has several powers, but they're weak. The Book says: "If you have faith as small as a screw, you can say to this steam engine, 'Be uprooted and planted in the sea', and it will obey you." I work in the way God works. Behold!
(The minister pulls out the CotBG Bible and a degraded symbol composed of metal gears. He slowly approaches SCP-709-KO.)
(The minister approaches until the Bible and the symbol touches the back of its head. Enhanced images reveal that he is actually pressing the switch again.)
(SCP-709-KO stops screaming and returns to its normal condition.)
Minister: Now (wiping off his forehead), you saw it with your own eyes. A thousand hearings are not worth one seeing. If this mere Bible and symbol have such power, what power will not God give you when you reform and remodel your body? Please, everyone. More than twenty of our brothers and sisters desire augmentation, but that task is beyond my capacity. I need your assistance. Metal, rouble, or dollar, anything. I speak as God speaks to you.




Exploiting SCP-790-KO in this way, the chapter managed to receive material support. As explained in the Surveillance Log, this was achieved by triggering the anomalous properties via the gears inside SCP-790-Ko, and the cleric then deceiving his church members into believing him to be able to work miracles. It should be noted that the behavior of this chapter bear strong resemblance that of Abrahamitic religions.2
In 1987, this chapter was only a small startup church in ██████, but around 1992, it had extended its influence across Siberia and developed into huge church, with members even in European Russian cities such as Moscow and Saint Petersburg. During this period, several additional instances of SCP-709-KO were used. Furthermore, travelling ministries performed all around Russia, and local authorities presumed multiple unlawful acts including embezzlement, disguise of criminal proceeds, and murder, took place in connection to these ministries. In 1993, the Foundation, GRU Division "P", and Russian Orthodox Church respectively acknowledged the existence of this church, and began establishing countermeasures. Meanwhile, a travelling ministry using SCP-709-KO in 1993 included a man referring to himself Karcist Vetot3. Second way of operation was added by this man.
Contemporary Foundation and GRU intelligence suggested that Karcist Vetot was a humanoid figure (or human) their in fifties with unknown gender, Germanic in appearance, and proficient in German, Russian, Polish, and English. In the gatherings they attended, the cleric spoke extremely disparagingly about the Sarkites, and when he activated SCP-709-KO, Karcist Vetot apparently noticed that the object had nothing to do with Sarkic cults, and added an anomalous property via unknown means. It manifested immediately, resulting in the death of the CotBG cleric.
There are multiple means to trigger the second anomalous property of SCP-709-KO. The most certain way is to bring a Sarkic symbol or motif - such as the "Skull of Orok", or the "Family crest of House Vörös" - into contact with the object. Other triggers include damaging the benign tumors on the face of SCP-709-KO, or inserting human flesh into its mouth, but these are not recommended due to the possibility of causing damage to SCP-709-KO.
When such a condition is met, SCP-709-KO will open its mouth and speak. It is unclear whether it is conscious or not in this state. The content its speech is based on Sarkic doctrines, usually preaching about theophagy4, cannibalism, and the execution of monks. People who listen to it will quickly be influenced by it and try to put it into practice. This mind-affecting process occurs through SCP-709-KO itself acting as memetic hazard, rather than through auditory stimuli.
The manifestation of this property led to the cleric who first met with Karcist Vetot being murdered by his own congregation. The Foundation subsequently received the following surveillance log from GRU Division "P". Extraneous information has been omitted.

＋ Log SLbP/SCP-709-KO-2

－ Log opened


(Camera shakes. The minister is tied to a pole behind the altar, impaled with metal rods. He appears to still be alive.)
SCP-709-KO: Truly I tell you, I will not drink from this fruit of the womb from now on until that day when I drink it new with you in my Father's kingdom. My transfixion is simply a denial to achieve boundless pleasure and satisfactions.
Church members: All the persecution and agony led me to one and only desire.
(One of the members is seen tearing her arm off with her other hand, and then trying to paint the wall and the floor with the blood from her arm.)
SCP-709-KO: With anger and vengeance, I have put the eternal truth into practice. For you will learn true worship when you have the essence inside yourself. Seekers of eternity should take the essence from their fathers. I say: Usurpers should dismember, disintegrate, and devour. From that you shall see, after seeing it, all the agony and pain will find their place and open their mouth.
Church members: The dismembered eternity wailed and asked me. I only answered by savouring it.
(The members stand up and begin repeatedly stabbing the minister with decorated knives, then proceed to eat him and [DATA REDACTED]. Any sound aside from his screaming is inaudible.)




After receiving the log, the Foundation kept the church under surveillance for two days, during which the ritual continued. The Foundation then sent a strike team to seize and secure the object. It was later sent to South Korea in order to let it leave the Church's and Sarkicism's spheres of influence.
Interrogation of members have showed that, as time goes on, people influenced by SCP-709-KO will not only try to eat anyone who fits their beliefs, but also to eat SCP-709-KO itself. This effect can be neutralized via Class C amnestics, but due to the high costs, the Foundation have instead confined these members to permanent psychiatric care at a mental institution.

＋ Log IL14/SCP-709-KO-3

－ Log opened


Dr. Rosenstein: Hello, there. I am here to evaluate your mental condition. Let's make this quick. Please state your name for the record.
Church Member 14: Where is it?
Dr. Rosenstein: Uh…I can only give what you want when you answer to all the questions. My documents show that both of your orbital bones5 are broken, with abrasions all around your periocular region. Please tell me how it happened.
Church Member 14: Seems like you are missing a very important detail. Medically put -seems like you love to do that-, can't you see that both of my eyeballs have been harvested by the hands of amateurs?
Dr. Rosenstein: I don't need any document to see that. So.. is it self-inflicted?
Church Member 14: One of them, yes. The other one…(grins) I sort of bartered it off.
Dr. Rosenstein: For what?
Church Member 14: I really cannot recall. Some liver, maybe a spleen. Anyway, why do you care for such minor detail? Where is it now?
Dr. Rosenstein: Hmm, you mean that bust? Let's talk about that then. Who gave it to you?
Church Member 14: (his eyes focused in the air) Grand Karcist Ion. Sorcerer King of Adytum and almighty immortal. The dismembered eternity wailed and asked me. I only answered by savouring it. By eating it I eat Karcist Vetot and hear what the agony says.
Dr. Rosenstein: I've never heard of Karcist Vetot before. Have you ever met that guy?
Church Member 14: (Hands trembling. eyes focused to the Dr. Rosenstein) Hand it over to me. You will meet when I eat and savour it until the very last piece.
Dr. Rosenstein: A..ha. Excuse me for a minute.
Conclusion: Interrogation ended. Consecutive doses of Class A, B, and C amnestics showed that Class C amnestics can neutralize the effect. An experiment to offer a piece of SCP-709-KO was proposed and currently under consideration.




The investigation into the identity of Karcist Vetot is still ongoing. Considering that Sarkic cults place strong emphasis on bloodline, the Department of Intelligence surmises that SCP-709-KO is not a means of preaching.

Footnotes
1. Deacon is not the actual term used by the Church, but is used here due to the similarity in role
2. Refer to Section X "Of Miracles", in An Enquiry Concerning Human Understanding, (1748), by David Hume.
3. According to unverified information, the man claimed himself (gender unconfirmed) to be descended from the Feuerbach family, relative of Ludwig Feuerbach, a philosopher and atheist.
4. Consumption of a deity as a sacrament.
5. Bones around the human eye socket.


                    