
                        

rating: +1+–x


SCP-086-KO-01 under experiment


Item #: SCP-086-KO
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedure: Currently, it is contained in the 2nd storage of Site █. To take the object out of the containment chamber, a permission from a Level 3 personnel or above is needed, and safety gloves are required.
Description: SCP-086-KO are three kitchen knives that make vegetables taste like meat. The kind of said meat depends on the original ingredient. Refer to the appendix below for further information. Their total lengths are all 285mm, and those of their blades are all 150mm. SCP-086-KO-01 has steel blade and handle made of oak. SCP-086-KO-02 and SCP-086-KO-03 are entirely composed of hydroxyapatite.
SCP-086-KO-01 was found in 20██/██/██ in the house of ███, a wanted person for his disappearance, on a chopping board in the kitchen with some partially cut cabbages. SCP-086-KO-02 was found at the same time on the floor of the same kitchen with a bunch of raw meat. The objects were recovered by the Level 2 secret agent ████ who had been infiltrated into the local police force. During the securing process, ███'s diary revealed that he is the creator of SCP-086-KO-01. Class-3 amnestics were administered to neighbors, local police officers and all other related people. SCP-086-KO-03 was created by an accident during an experiment1.
If one holds the object, the subject will have a sense of rejection to nonvegan food. Food that has a changed taste via the object possesses no difference of the formation, and is completely same as the original food other than the taste. If one processes a meat with the object, the subject will suffer an extreme headache and lethargy, and then [REDACTED], and finally the bones will be cut out, resulting in a new instance of SCP-086-KO.

Experiment A
Director: Dr.███
Subject: D-8875
Date: 20██/██/13
Instruction: The subject was instructed to chop some apples and onions with SCP-086-KO-01, and then eat them.
Result: The subject asked if any meat would be given in further experiments while holding SCP-086-KO-01. The subject reported that the apple pieces tasted like pork. The subject reported that the onion pieces tasted like duck.

Experiment B
Director: Dr.███
Subject: D-8875
Date: 20██/██/13
Instruction: The subject was instructed to make a meal out of carrots, garlic, pimento, vegan oil, rice, and a pumpkin with SCP-086-KO-02, and then have it.
Result: The subject asked if the oil was nonvegan while holding SCP-086-KO-02. The subject reported that the vegetable fried rice tasted like mutton.

Experiment C
Director: Dr.███
Subject: D-8875
Date: 20██/██/14
Instruction: The subject was instructed to chop a radish with SCP-086-KO-02, and then eat it.
Result: The subject cut a finger while chopping the radish. The subject immediately complained of a headache and knocked on the laboratory door. After 2 minutes, the subject fell on the door and stopped screaming. After other 4 minutes, the subject stopped scratching the door. After yet other 4 minutes, [REDACTED]. An examination revealed a new object which is then labeled as SCP-086-KO-03.

Experiment D
Director: Dr.███
Subject: D-9458
Date: 20██/██/14
Instruction: The blindfolded subject was instructed to eat some partially cut radish and [REDACTED] from Experiment C.
Result: The subject reported the radish tasted like some very familiar meat.2 The subject ate [REDACTED], and made compliment on it as "the best salad I've ever had".


Addendum #086K1: Diary of the wanted missing person ███

Collapse

To read the entire contents of the diary, please contact agent ████ who is investigating in ████, or On-site Collections Storage in Site ██.

20██/██/██
I have no idea who those scums are, but I'm sure that they have magical powers. My senior was right. I now believe in the existence of a recipe that everyone applauds. Or a recipe that sends everyone to a dreamland. It was nice to learn from them. Though my disease is not cured yet, I ended the time when I was scoffed as a cook not knowing the flavour of the ingredients I use, with my own very hands. Though I must make some of those disgusting foods.





Footnotes
1. Experiment C
2. Refer to SCP-505-KO which is in the same site.


                    