
                        

rating: +5+–x


On the left hand side, one instance of SCP-181-FR ambushed on a sidewalk.


Item #: SCP-181-FR
Threat level: Yellow ●
Object class: Euclid Safe
Special Containment Procedures: Each specimen of SCP-181-FR is contained in a chamber in unit 181-FR of Site-Yod. Each chamber emulates a trash can storage location measuring 3m x 3m x 2.5m and has an access sas as well as two security cameras. Entering a chamber in presence of a fully conscious instance of SCP-181-FR is strictly forbidden.
Every two weeks, a shaven adult sheep to which has been attached a 150g packet of powdered Z90 sedative is to be placed in the chamber through the sas. 5 days after the start of the digestion process, a D-Class personnel is to enter the chamber and retrieve the trash bag produced by the specimen during its latest digestion. The trash bag is to then be incinerated.
Should wild instances of SCP-181-FR be discovered, inhabitants within a 2km radius must be kept inside their homes and later administered amnestics, and wide nets must be deployed at 100m intervals in the streets while Foundation agents dressed as waste collectors proceed to open all trash containers in the area. If one container refuses to open or attempts to flee, it must be directed at a net and tipped on its side, which will render it unable to move. One dose of sedative must then be administrated through the external shell near the wheels.
Description: SCP-181-FR is the designation of several predators which emulate to perfection the external appearance of a classical non-recyclable waste container, presumed to all be contained as of today. Specimens measure 1.3m in in height and 0.8m in width and are light gray, save for the lid which is dark gray. However, inscriptions on the back side which usually bear informations about the origin city and possessor of the trash can are absent.
The external shell is composed of high density polyethylene and bears no marks of molding or any other standard manufacturing technique. Inside this plastic carapace are various organs, most notably a large pouch which takes up around 70% of the instance's volume and operates as a digestive system. This pouch, directly connected to the opening, possesses a 1.6m long prehensile appendage which plays an important role in catching preys. The opening and closing of the lid are commanded by muscles located near the hinges; however, like in certain animals, muscles responsible for closing the lid are extremely powerful whereas muscles responsible for opening it are rather weak. It is therefore virtually impossible to open the lid without adapted equipment, but relatively easy to keep it shut.
Cases of SCP-181-FR are incapable of breeding and no juvenile individual has ever been seen. No growth has been noticed either in captive instances. It is assumed that all instances spawned at the same time in their current form. Altough they do not appear to be affected by thirst, specimens need to be fed live preys on a regular basis.
Instances of SCP-181-FR are able to locomote using their wheels, often discreetly though they can reach speeds over 45km/h if they feel threatened. Their hunting strategy is mainly based up on ambush, though in rare cases specimens have been seen coursing their preys on short distances, or even hunting in small groups1. They normally attempt to hide their existence, notably by avoiding moving when they are observed, attacking a group of individuals, and by avoiding contact with city waste collectors.
Typically, specimens of SCP-181-FR position themselves on a relatively narrow portion of sidewalk, often near other trash cans, and wait for a human or a rather big animal (dog, cat…) to pass by. When a prey enters a 1.5m radius around the instance, its lid opens, then the appendage wraps itself around the prey's hips, neck or any of its limb. The victim is then violently drawn in through the opening, and the lid closes. Since this process usually takes less than two seconds, the target generally has multiple fractures and concussions by the time it has arrived inside the digestive pouch, where it is strangled for several minutes by the appendage. Even if it is still conscious, the prey is unable to seek help, or to get noticed in any way by bypassers. Once the prey has died, the SCP-181-FR specimen isolates itself in a quiet place and begins the digestion process.
The digestive pouch is then partially filled up with a highly acidic fluid where the prey's body dissolves almost entirely after 1 to 3 weeks depending on its size, leaving behind only bones, teeth, cartilage and other unedible parts. The remains are wrapped in a trash bag produced by the entity which has a capacity ranging from 50L to 90L, and does not appear to exhibit any other anomalous property. Once this step is completed, the SCP-181-FR specimen spits the trash bag out near other non-anomalous trash containers and seeks another prey.
Strongly territorial, cases of SCP-181-FR will often defy each other in duels. A duel consists in violent physical contacts in the purpose of tipping the opponent over. Unable to stand back up without help, the loosing instance will wait until a human goes to put back up what appears to be a regular trash can, and will then consume the human immediatly and flee the scene.
The existence of SCP-181-FR was revealed in 2015 following the discovery of human bones in open dumps near the elementary school of the city of ████████, France, and SCP-181-FR is estimated to have appeared in november 2014. The method used by MTF Delta-4 has been added to the special containement procedures. 37 more specimens were captured in a similar fashion in several nearby cities presenting an abnormaly high disappearance rate.

Footnotes
1. Cases of packs are not well documented as they are rarely witnessed.


                    