
                        

rating: +6+–x


SCP-080-FR.


Item #: SCP-080-FR
Threat Level: Blue ●
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-080-FR is currently located in a safe in Dr. ████████'s office, and does not require any particular containment measures. All requests for studies must be filed at least 24 hours in advance. Researchers must handle SCP-080-FR with care, in order not to either damage the item or be reprimanded.
Description: SCP-080-FR appears to be a previously unknown Fabergé Egg. The glass egg is laid horizontally on a stool and contains a miniature replica of a peacock, perched upon a flowering bush. Analyses have shown that the stool and edges of the object are composed of a copper, gold and silver alloy. The peacock is made of lapis lazuli, emerald, and two other not yet identified gems.
SCP-080-FR was discovered in Prince ███████████'s personal collection in ████ by Agent ██████. The owner of the object donated it to the Foundation given its peculiar properties, and leadership of study project SCP-080-FR was then given to Dr. ████████.
SCP-080-FR has two states : an "inactive" state in which it will remain until a subject makes physical contact with it and in which none of its properties will manifest, and an "active" state which it enters when directly touched by any person. In this case, the egg will automatically open, and the miniature peacock will turn to look at the person who interacted with the object first. It will then animate, in a way similar to an automaton; it was observed to shake and clean its feathers like an actual peacock would. All attempts to open the replica in order to perform a close examination of its mechanism have been unsuccessful due to the unusual opposition SCP-080-FR manifests, supposed to be a property of its unidentified components.
SCP-080-FR is capable of healing hearing impairment, blindness and all other sight or hearing issues of those who touch it. If a person with optical disabilities interacts with SCP-080-FR, it will display its rear feathers and expose all the eye-like patterns on its feathers, which will cause the subject's visual disabilities to dissipate. If a person with hearing disabilities interacts with SCP-080-FR, it will sing for 3 to 6 seconds, depending on how serious the condition is, which will cause it to end 5 seconds later. Following this, SCP-080-FR will deactivate and go back to an inactive state.
If a person demonstrates verbal hostility towards SCP-080-FR while it is active, the peacock will emit what resembles an angered scream directed towards the subject and SCP-080-FR will then deactivate immediately. This person will then lose their ability to speak, and will never have the possibility to interact with SCP-080-FR again. If a person attempts to physically damage SCP-080-FR using hand power or any tool, to peacock will hide its head under its wing, and SCP-080-FR will deactivate in the same way, but the subject will lose any ability to taste, smell or physically feel. These effects are irreversible; there is no known medical cure.
If a person with no hearing or sight impairments handles SCP-080-FR with care, it will animate, and the replica will act as if visually examining the subject for a minute, with particular attention. Following this, the egg will close, and no further anomalous effects will manifest. This behaviour is considered normal and was never witnessed more than once with healthy subjects.
Note on ██/██/████: The use of SCP-080-FR as a cure for personnel disabled following contact with other SCP items is currently being considered.

                    