
                        

rating: +7+–x
Item #: SCP-004-PT
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-004-PT must be contained in a reinforced 10 m x 10 m x 10 m room with a 50 cm thick amalgam of strong anti-nuclear material, accessible only via a maximum security steel door. Six (6) guards must rotate shifts at all times in turns of two (2) on each side of the access door. For entrance, there are five (5) keys to unlock the passage, each held by a Level 4 Agent from each of the following relevant countries: United States, Brazil, ██████, Russia, █████). Only those assigned one of the keys may enter to retrieve SCP-004-PT, and all keys must be present. The building where SCP-004-PT is contained can only be accessed by Level 3 and higher personnel only. There must be three different reinforced steel doors in the hallway leading to the containment room, each with randomly generated unlock passwords that will change once every irregular interval between 0300 AM to 0800 AM. If a guard or part of the SCP-004-PT staff gets reassigned, a Class B amnestic must be administered to them before they leave the management duties related to SCP-004-PT. SCP-004-PT-1 may use all of the common installations of the building, as the cafeteria, lounge rooms, locker rooms, but is given no access to any secure area or other contained items, arms, or the reception. SCP-004-PT-1 may work as a guard to SCP-004-PT in any shift they want, and may receive a stipend to buy something they want when the Foundation doesn't provide it.
Note: since 09/06/199█ the object class was upgraded from "Safe" to "Euclid" in order to guarantee a bigger security procedure for SCP-004-PT. For all intents and purposes, SCP-004-PT-1 should still be treated as a safe object.
Description: SCP-004-PT is a copy of the Russian nuclear missile Satan II with an inscription that informs it was/is/will be developed by the Brazilian Army in 2107. Upon further inspection, it has been noted there are some pieces used in the weapon that seem more advanced and potent than those in the original missile. Some parts aren't yet understood. Measurements indicate the bomb could be three (3) times stronger than the original RS-28 Satan II, currently under development by the Russian government. During tests, researchers noticed the radiation emitted by the missile behaves anomalously, reducing the vision of those close to SCP-004-PT to black and white. The effect filters out some receptors in the eye, and some light perception is reduced. Those who came closer than 5 meters to the bomb took from 70 to ███ hours to recover their vision completely. Studies so far provide no further information about the origin of this effect.
SCP-004-PT-1 is what appears to be a Caucasian 20-year old male dressed as a soldier. In the uniform he was found wearing, camouflage pattern suggests SCP-004-PT-1 is a Brazilian soldier from the year 194█, as he says during the interview accessible through file 001REG-7LP9. SCP-004-PT-1 was located shaving a coconut inside a doorless hut located 300 m from the area where SCP-004-PT-1 was located and dug out. SCP-004-PT-1 has so far been amicable and productive, speaks fluent English, Portuguese, Spanish, Russian and some German, and identifies himself as an aspiring Engineer in his home country at the time he was sent to fight in World War II.
Attemps to move SCP-004-PT-1 further than 500 meters from SCP-004-PT have proven infertile, as if there is an invisible dome within that radius. Attempts to harm SCP-004-PT-1 with knives, gunshot, drowning and fire have all failed, with SCP-004-PT-1 warping out of the way of the damage when harmed with weapons, and becoming a diffuse mass of amorphic gas when attacked with submersion. Samples of the gas have been impossible to obtain so far, as SCP-004-PT-1's body almost instantly reintegrates after the attack has ceased. After sensing to be safe, SCP-004-PT-1 returns to its natural form smiling, without any memory of the attack, except for when Dr. ██████ ████████ pinched him, in which case SCP-004-PT-1 voiced "Ow!" before punching Dr. ██████ in the face.
After testing, it was discovered that SCP-004-PT-1's vision is permanently damaged; subject can only see in black and white. More information on interview log file 003REG-7LP5.

[File 001REG-7LP9]

Close file


Dr. Gabriel Krchovsk: Good morning, SCP-004-PT-1.
004-PT-1: Good morning. Do you mind calling me Lucas?
Dr. Gabriel Krchovsk: That shouldn't be a problem. Can you tell me how old you are?
004-PT-1: I'm currently 106. Crazy, right? I haven't aged a day after the whole thing happened.
Dr. Gabriel Krchovsk: What happened, exactly?
004-PT-1: We had just arrived in Italy for the BEF to begin operating alongside the American Army. I didn't even have a chance to taste the war, though.
Dr. Gabriel Krchovsk: You got killed? Sent back? We found you in Brazil.
004-PT-1: Yeah, that's also kind of crazy. I don't recall returning to Brazil. I just remember getting shot. Italian. It was a mess. Really hard to deal with. We weren't ready for all that action, though I later found out the BEF actually got their shit together and helped in the effort. That's something I like to think of, considering how fresh we were when we left. Anyway, the guys had to run for their lives and nobody was able to retrieve me. I was just in so much pain. Couldn't really move. After what felt like hours - I don't really know how much time passed, to be honest - two men with German uniforms walked towards me. One of them I remember really well because he was blonde, strong, handsome. You know, the German stereotype. [chuckles]
Dr. Gabriel Krchovsk: Umm… Right. And then what?
004-PT-1: The guy next to him, I think he had greenish eyes and black hair, yeah… I don't know why I'm giving you these details, but maybe they can help, who knows. I made it a point to exercise my mind all these years, you know? Since I wasn't able to leave the place. Anyway, he squatted next to me, pulled up a piece of paper and read it a bit, as if making sure everything was correct, then pushed it in my uniform.
Dr. Gabriel Krchovsk: Did they say anything?
004-PT-1: Yeah, yeah. The blonde soldier was standing looking down at me and said something in German… "Armer Junge." [laughs] At that time I thought he was saying I'm young and armed, or something. Nowadays I know what he thought of the situation. The guy who turned down to leave the note just nodded, and looked at me to say "Viel Glück." That I understood. Not like a note could help me at that point, though. I thought I was just going to die.
Dr. Gabriel Krchovsk: So, did you read the note right then and there?
004-PT-1: No, I didn't read it. I was too weak by this point. I just concentrated on breathing. At some point it got too heavy, then I could feel myself choking up, the metallic taste of blood in my mouth, and… that's it.
Dr. Gabriel Krchovsk: That's it?
004-PT-1: Yeah. The next thing I remember is waking up at that hut. No rooms, just a horrible bed, a stove, a bookcase, piled up clothes and a shower. Hideous carpet, too. I got rid of it my first week there.
Dr. Gabriel Krchovsk: No instructions, no information, just popped out in existence again?
004-PT-1: Pretty much, sir. It would be some years before I found actual instructions. The only thing I knew was that I could not move too far away from the bomb, which was really annoying because the only place I could get to was █████ (municipality in ████████ █████, Brazil).
Dr. Gabriel Krchovsk: I see. What about the note?
004-PT-1: Oh, yes, the note. I did find it eventually in one of the books. I was never really too fond of reading, so it took me a few months of boredom to start picking the books up. There was one titled "1942" that basically talked about the role of Brazilians in the war. There isn't much to tell about that, but on the cover I found the note again. It was in German, and that's when I picked up an interest to learn it, but then Russian sounded more interesting, and…
Dr. Gabriel Krchovsk: Right, right, Lucas. The note, though?
004-PT-1: Oh, right. I have it with me right here. [hands over note, which reads as follows]
Dear Soldier Lucas Moura,

We are sorry that you expired so suddenly and meaninglessly. I can imagine you had a lot to look forward to in your future. We have already notified the BEF of your passing and your girlfriend won't need to keep thinking you could come back.
Now you have a new mission. It will be your only mission forever, and we'll know if you cannot follow it.
237 meters away from you, buried in a ten (10) meter grave and inside a contained crate, is a bomb from the future. Please don't be alarmed at this fact. We are aware you won't take this information seriously, so feel free to check yourself, making sure to cover the object properly afterwards.
Sara is the name of this bomb. It was built in 2107 as a means to ensure Brazilian sovereignty, not to be detonated. However, some events transpired that caused its activation. The results were devastating and irreversible. This is our last ditch effort to keep it from happening.
Inside the crate in your new home is a reasonable amount of money and gold for you to survive for the next few decades. We are attempting to train someone in the future to come get you and confirm protection of the object. The fact that the bomb is next to you means it does not exist in the future. As soon as it was finished in our timeline, it vanished. Because it's with you, and it's your job to keep it dormant as it is.
Good luck, and don't try to escape your duty to your country and planet. You won't be able to.
Kind regards,
Agent Moro
Dr. Gabriel Krchovsk: Very curious… Do you mind if I keep this note for a while, 004… Lucas?
004-PT-1: Oh, sure, it's yours. The book keeps making copies of it anyway.
Dr. Gabriel Krchovsk: Okay. Thanks for the contributions.
004-PT-1: Already? Cool. Any time. [smiles]





[File 002REG-7LP2]

Close file


Dr. Gabriel Krchovsk: Hello again, SCP-004-PT-1.
004-PT-1: I thought you were alright with calling me Lucas…
Dr. Gabriel Krchovsk: And I thought you wouldn't withhold information. Now you're back to being a number.
004-PT-1: That's unfair considering what you did.
Dr. Gabriel Krchovsk: Well, if you'd only… Anyway, we're done with that, right? I'm pretty sure we're done with that. Can we stick to business or can I call this inconclusive, deem you hostile and get you in a cage?
004-PT-1: Wow, alright, whatever. What do you want to know?
Dr. Gabriel Krchovsk: When did you make contact with Agent Moro?
004-PT-1: 1985.
Dr. Gabriel Krchovsk: Why do you think he took so long to resurface?
004-PT-1: It was the dictatorship. Weird times, probably not the best for a time traveler to pop up, I suppose.
Dr. Gabriel Krchovsk: When did he leave?
004-PT-1: 1988.
Dr. Gabriel Krchovsk: 3 years in this timeline? Don't you think that's excessive for his kind of mission?
004-PT-1: He had unfinished business here.
Dr. Gabriel Krchovsk: [pause] With whom?
004-PT-1: Not for you to know.
Dr. Gabriel Krchovsk: I knew it.
004-PT-1: Nice job at sticking to business.
Dr. Gabriel Krchovsk: [EXPLETIVE REMOVED] you.
004-PT-1: Are we done?




Addendum 004-PT-1-1: Dr. Krchovsk requests for 004-PT-1 to be classified as Euclid, as he has some abilities he hasn't yet disclosed fully to the Foundation. — Request denied. Doctor, he's chill. Deal with your dirty laundry at home. - Site Director ████
Addendum 004-PT-1-2: New interviews to be conducted by foreign researcher Dr. Cole ██████. Dr. Krchovsk is to be administered amnestics and released to a different site for new instructions.

[File 003REG-7LP5]

Close file


// Questioning conducted in English. //
Dr. Cole: [pause] Good afternoon, Lucas. How are you?
004-PT-1: I'm doing great, thanks. How can I help you?
Dr. Cole: See, I just wanted to ask you something. A few months ago we had a physical with you and you described the optometrists' eyes as brown.
004-PT-1: Um… Yeah, I think I remember that. Pretty charming, the guy.
Dr. Cole: He had green eyes, though.
004-PT-1: Oh, right. I just assumed.
Dr. Cole: You can't see colors, can you?
004-PT-1: No, I can't.
Dr. Cole: Was that after you woke up from war?
004-PT-1: Indeed!
Dr. Cole: Okay, one more question, Lucas. Why are you always so honest, but never willing to bring something up to keep us informed? You know we're all on the same side here. We don't want that thing to detonate.
004-PT-1: Well, for one, I don't exactly understand what all of this means. I'm 107 and I can't get away from the thing that took some of my sight away. I don't understand who did this to me, or why I was picked. I can't go anywhere outside this place. Do you know I haven't even been to a real cinema? My life wasn't really eventful. If you were to call it life. And I know you're on my side, but some people in this Foundation aren't. So far we haven't stopped anything from detonating. I'm not going to be dishonest, but I don't owe you a full account on what I do know about this. And it's my mission anyway, I'll take your help but I don't need to fill you in.
Dr. Cole: So you'll only cooperate if we ask the right questions?
004-PT-1: Pretty much.
Dr. Cole: And you believe this timeline is still on the way to blow that nuclear bomb up?
004-PT-1: Indeed.
Dr. Cole: What happens if it does?
004-PT-1: Moscow is a goner, and we survive to an Earth with no more color. Ever. For all animals.
Dr. Cole: That seems easily adaptable, though. Do we want to stop it from blowing all that much?
004-PT-1: Well, it's only the first to detonate. There's more bloodshed after. Including in your country, as you may imagine.
Dr. Cole: Sorry, I'm just kind of used to death. I think I've grown a bit skeptical. You say we survive, so I don't really see a point in fighting the future so much.
004-PT-1: The quality of life isn't exactly desirable from what Moro tells me. The radiation's effects aren't only in the vision, you know.
Dr. Cole: What was your relationship with Moro?
004-PT-1: I'm tired, can we do this later? Yeah, let's do it later. Please excuse me.
004-PT-1: refused to talk after this.





[File 004REG-1LP1]

Close file


// Questioning conducted in English. //
Dr. Cole: So, you haven't been as compliant lately as before.
004-PT-1: I'm getting bored with all the questions. And I feel like you're invading my privacy.
Dr. Cole: Oh come on, Lucas. We could try taking you away from this thing. We could help you fight the outcome. You need to open up to us.
004-PT-1: I don't need to anything.
Dr. Cole: So no more information?
004-PT-1: No more information.
Dr. Cole: What if we got Gabriel back here?
004-PT-1: [pauses] [chuckles] Gabriel was just fun.
Dr. Cole: And Moro is who you're waiting for after we're all long-gone and he pops in again for the next step? Is that how it goes, 004-PT-1?
004-PT-1: No more information. Get the [EXPLETIVE REMOVED] out.




Addendum SCP-004-PT-1-3: New interviews with SCP-004-PT-1 have proven fruitless. Now all he does is play videogames with personnel and take long looks at our attractive officers' butts. We can't really get rid of him, and he doesn't even want to guard SCP-004-PT anymore, so I guess all we can do is let him stick around. Not like we can torture him… Right? — Dr. Cole
Note found in Dr. Krchovsk's quarters during clean-up:

Dear Lucas,
I know we can't be in relationships with SCPs, but for me you're as human as human gets. Well, aside from your age. And the fact that you're stuck at your 20-year-old self, so beautiful, so strong… I knew I couldn't just keep on conducting these interviews and ignoring the attraction we have for each other.
But from what I found, and the way you talk, I know he means way more to you. I don't think I can take this. I'll ask for a reassignment soon, and just wanted to leave you this goodbye.
Just remember, he's seen it all. If he wanted you and used his abilities to seduce you, you'd never know he manipulated you.
My sincerest sayonara,
Gabriel

Note: I would like for this letter ot be digitalized and then shredded. SCP-004-PT-1 is not to be shown this message until there's consensus on whether it's necessary for his current mental state to remain stable, or until the parameters for psycho-mental torture and withdrawal of the object's privileges are defined. Strength and resistance thresholds are also to be defined before we can conclude if a rogue SCP-004-PT-1 could be prejudicial or dangerous to the Foundation, as well as how much it would cost to contain it if that's the path followed. The dossier on the multiple times referenced Agent Moro is being prepared as project WWAM/004-1/FTXK. — O5 █

                    