
                        

rating: +3+–x
Item #: SCP-101-PT
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: "Do not enter!" signs, barbed-wire fences, and security cameras were installed around SCP-101-PT. Two armed security guards must stay in front of the manor's entrance, and any animal or individual trespassing the perimeter imposed by the fence must be terminated.
Satellite images of the location must be censored.
Description: SCP-101-PT is an abandoned mansion with two stories made of wood located in the region of █████, an uninhabited inappropriate area between the Brazilian states of Minas Gerais, and Bahia. The mansion is in an untenantable state because of the rotten wood, and broken windows. Due to unknown reasons, internet signal, electronic apparatuses, and electrical appliances malfunction while inside SCP-101-PT. The internal side of the mansion does not match its external appearance, appearing to be in pristine condition in the former. Within the mansion, there are six anomalies designed SCP-101-PT-1 to SCP-101-PT-6.

+ SCP-101-PT-1

- Close description.

SCP-101-PT-1 is a spacial phenomenon that affects the whole internal area of the mansion in both stories, randomly changing its interiors, making the rooms bigger or smaller proportionally to the apparent size of the exterior. This phenomenon also affects the internal architecture, and the composition of the building, changing the placement of rooms, creating new rooms, or making already existing rooms vanish. The anomaly only affects objects that do not specifically comprise the room, since individuals or odd objects aren't affected.




+ SCP-101-PT-2

- Close description.

SCP-101-PT-2 is a room that will always be located in the second story of the mansion, independently of the change in design caused by SCP-101-PT-1. Within the room, there is a phenomenon that nullifies gravity. Living beings and objects that enter the room will float, independently of their weight. Individuals affected by SCP-101-PT-2 will stop floating once they leave the immediate vicinity. It is unknown how the room is unaffected by gravity. Individuals exposed to the anomaly for too long will experience spinal problems, incapacitating their locomotion for an undeterminated period. Inside SCP-101-PT-2 there is an artisanal ceramic vase that appears to be the only object immune to the gravitational effects of the room. This vase apparently possesses its own gravity, explaining the fact that when objects are inserted in the vase, such as keys, coins, or paperclips, they do not float. It is not known how the vase created its own gravitational field in its interior. Studies proved that the vase is a Creole style object dated from the colonial period, specifically ~1880.




+ SCP-101-PT-3

- Fechar Descrição

SCP-101-PT-3 is an antique spinning-machine in a fine state of care, found randomly inside the building due to the anomalous effects of SCP-101-PT-1. The machine works regularly, without the necessity of an operator. It is unknown what causes this behaviour, as there is no weight to its treadle. There hasn't been an interval in which the machine stopped working, and any attempts to damage or stop its wheel have failed. Sometimes, an entity described as "the silhouette of an old lady" can be seen operating the machine. Usually, individuals that see the mentioned entity start to display paranoiac behaviours and claim to see entities alike everywhere.




+ SCP-101-PT-4

- Fechar Descrição

SCP-101-PT-4 is a humanoid being that stays inside one of the manor's rooms. This humanoid figure appears to be masculine, of African ethnicity, in an advanced age. Its body is covered by several injuries, scars, and rashes, some still bleeding, others covered in pus. The individual's outfit resembles the cloth rags worn by slaves from the colonial period.
Interviews show that he suffers from late stages of dementia. According to the entity, it will not exit the room because "they" would find it. It is unknown exactly who are "they". It has been shown that SCP-101-PT can use teleknisis to make objects float. SCP-101-PT-4 frequently makes barricades with objects to stop "them" from capturing him.

Interview register:
Interviewer: Dr. Barry
Interviewed: SCP-101-PT-4.

Dr. Barry: Well, you… oh gods, what was the first question? You barricaded your door… to protect yourself from "them", I presume…
SCP-101-PT-4: Yes, certainly them, who else would be?
Dr. Barry: Well, who, or what exactly are "they"?
SCP-101-PT-4: You don't know? "They" are the scourge of this world… they conquer everything… they are extremely egocentric… They do not recognize those different from them, they treat others like animals, conquer everything, and everyone, especially people like me, africans.
Dr. Barry: Tell me more about "them".
SCP-101-PT-4: Why are you asking so many questions? Oh, I haven't noticed it yet… that skin, that facial expression… your manner of speech… you must be thinking I'm a fool, right? After everything you've done you still come here to harass me…
Dr. Barry: I… did n-…
SCP-101-PT-4: Curse you… You are one of them…
In this moment SCP-101-PT-4 starts throwing objects against Dr. Barry until he exits the room.
SCP-101-PT-4: Get out of my room… get out, and don't come back.





+ SCP-101-PT-5

- Fechar Descrição

SCP-101-PT-5 is a door located within the manor. When opened, the door will reveal a room ablaze. Studies reveal that the temperature of the flames ranges from 1000ºC to 3000ºC. Unsuccessful attempts to extinguish the flames have been made. The dimensions of the room are unknown, as everything that makes contact with the fire is melted. Sometimes it is possible to listen to noise resembling angry voices shouting amidst the flames. These phrases have been transcribed from Creole as "Our destinies have been destroyed!"; "Your God didn't put us in Hell, you created it for us!". The sources of these voices are of yet unknown.




+ SCP-101-PT-6

- Close description.

SCP-101-PT-6 is a partially humanoid entity that can be randomly spotted by the manor. Individuals that have seem it describe the being as a "human with the head of a goat, extremely long, and sharp horns, and long hooves instead of legs." SCP-101-PT-6 is extremely aggressive, and will try to kill any individual whom spots it. SCP-101-PT-6 is extremely brutal in its executions, and doesn't seem capable of speaking nor demonstrating rational thought. SCP-101-PT-6 has been described as a "visage from the corner of an eye", as a malignant, and ferocious entity. SCP-101-PT-6 also displays possession of the ability to teleport but seems to have no control over it, dislocating itself randomly through the various locations within the mansion.



History and Discovery: According to historical registries, in that region during the colonial period in Brazil, there was a quilombo known as "Quilombo of the Lights", comprised of rogue/runaway slaves from the Engenho of Santa Lúcia, 20km away from the location. The Engenho's Lord, Carlos Oliveira, with the help from the Bandeirante Manoel Gonçalves, set fire the quilombo on fire, carbonizing approximately 150 slaves, whilst the survivors were enslaved in worse conditions. With the Lei Áurea, and the enslavement abolition in 1888, the Engenho slaves were freed, and Carlos Oliveira was condemned to death. It is unknown when the manor was built in the same region of the Quilombo, and registers of anyone that have built, or lived in the manor are inexistent, but research has revealed that the mansion was built during World War I. SCP-101-PT was discovered in May, 1996, after the vanishing of a group of vagrants that entered the building. Gossip about the place was spread in the region, calling the attention of agents of the Lusophone branch of the Foundation that investigated the case, and contained the anomaly.

                    