
                        

rating: +4+–x
Item #: SCP-CN-176
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-CN-176 is to be kept in Standard Humanoid Containment Cell No. 7 at Site-CN-91. No other special containment procedure is required.
Description: SCP-CN-176 appears as a 46 year old male human, standing 174 cm tall, weighing 76 kg. The second-generation identification card held by the subject identifies the name of the subject as ██. The subject was abandoned after birth in ████ Orphanage, ██ Municipality, China, and worked in the aforementioned orphanage from his middle school graduation until containment.
The main anomaly associated with the subject is its ability to transform a part of its body into food items commonly perceived as “snacks”. The following is a log of such transformations:


Body parts
Corresponding snack


Fingers
Wafer sticks; composition similar to products of brand ██


Head
Cotton candy; composition identical to products of brand ███


Arms
Baguettes; ingredients include flour, water, yeast and salt, all non-anomalous


Toes
Hawthorn products; composition identical to guo dan pi1 of brand ███


Shins
Chocolate bars; composition non-anomalous


The subject can consciously transform part of the body into snacks documented above, the process of which, as of the date of writing, has not been known. Immediately after transformation, if the piece of snack was ingested when still attached to the body, the subject experiences corresponding pain. The subject has the ability to decide to detach the transformed body part or to retain it. After detachment, the corresponding part of the subject regenerates rapidly. Ingestion of the snack at this stage results in no feeling of pain by the subject. The subject can only attempt transformation on one of its body parts once per hour.
The subject states that its anomalous ability came from its childhood. Containment of the subject was established in an accident, after which it was transferred to Site-CN-91 for analysis.

+ Interview Log 176-alpha

- Hide


Interviewer: Dr. Hannah, Guest Psychology Expert, Site-CN-91
Interviewed: Li █, Head of ████ Orphanage
<Begin Log>
Foreword: The foundation established containment in 2017, using “A body check has revealed a tumour in the subject, requiring medical attention” as the cover story. This interview took place ██ months after establishing containment in order to gain information about the anomaly associated with the subject.
Dr. Hannah: Let us begin, Mr. Li. How much do you know about ██?
Li: Is he okay at your hospital?
Dr. Hannah: He is very cooperative to the treatment.
Li: Ah, it’s good to hear that. He was devoted to his work here for 20 years and has been a great help to me. The children liked him a lot as well.
Dr. Hannah: What else did you notice about him in your years of cooperation?
Li: He always brought snacks to calm the kids down. Sometimes some kids are a little afraid of him.
Dr. Hannah: Mm-hmm.
Li: Oh, and… The kids loved all the other snacks he brought, but they weren't fond of his lollipops.
<Log Interrupted>





Footnotes
1. Translator's note: A North Chinese snack consisting of dried sweetened hawthorn fruits, rolled into a stick.


                    