
                        

rating: +10+–x


The initial instance of SCP-369-FR-1 in containment.


Object #: SCP-369-FR
Threat Level: Black ●
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: Initial SCP-369-FR-1 instance is currently contained on a brick wall located in the city of [REDACTED], France, where it is surrounded by a chalk-drawn circle.
A constant monitoring is required, and any eventual containment breach must become a high priority.
Any manifestation of a drawing similar to a SCP-369-FR-1 instance must be contained similarly as quickly as possible, and any eventual traces of spreading must be researched actively and contained if proven true.
Due to the lack of information on SCP-369-FR's behaviour in our universe, available informations must be limited to the minimum required for a quick answer to the phenomenon, and any interaction with SCP-369-FR-1 must be avoided.
Description: SCP-369-FR is a phenomenon partially known and of unknown cause. It is characterized by the proliferation of a figure likely drawn with chalk and commonly understood to represent a "stickman", referred to as SCP-369-FR-1's instances from now on.
SCP-369-FR-1's instances seem to be able to appear on all types of surface, such as rock, glass or skin, even though it would normally be impossible to use chalk on this surface.
It is impossible to interact with SCP-369-FR-1's instances, as they seem to be inanimate and proliferate randomly by replicating on surfaces available near them; they are capable of superimposing. It is also impossible to erase them or isolate them.
SCP-369-FR phenomenon has never been observed in our universe, and the several information obtained on its behaviour come from expeditions and observations done on reduced windows of universe BC-98247-Z.
This universe, to which the Foundation gained an access following event [CENSORED], is characterized by a temporal speed relatively faster than the one of our world, that is to say one second in our universe corresponds to approximately half a day in BC-98247-Z. Thanks to that, observation of SCP-369-FR was made possible during two (2) millenium, two thousand, two hundreds ans seventy-eight (2278) days to be precise, which corresponds to about twenty (20) days in our universe. However, observations and expeditions were limited to approximately ten seconds because of the equipment used.
SCP-369-FR was observed for the first time during an expedition in universe BC-98247-Z that was initialy done to estimate the number of divergence chains. Agent Solveig noticed an instance of SCP-369-FR-1 on a brick wall in the city of [REDACTED], France, and saw its first duplication approximately thirty-seven (37) seconds later. During the following expedition, which occured one hundred and fifty (150) years later (that is to say seven (7) hours in our universe), it was confirmed that the whole town was covered in SCP-369-FR-1's instances.
During the last expedition, two thousand, two hundreds ans seventy-eight (2278) years after the initial discovery, SCP-369-FR was covering 75% of Earth's surface, including all of emerged lands. Universe BC-98247-Z was then populated with only a hundred humans still alive, all grouped on a boat drifting in the middle of the Indian Ocean.1 As several instances of SCP-369-FR-1 were present in the wedge, it is estimated that to this day the boat is probably covered in instances and that Human population has gone extinct in universe BC-98247-Z.

Note from Dr Martin following investigations on 07/12/2018

Note from Dr Martin following investigations on 07/12/2018


Due to the urgency of the situation if SCP-369-FR was to appear in our universe, the initial instance of SCP-369-FR-1 was searched in this house in [REDACTED].
It was there, on the adjacent wall where it was found in universe BC-98247-Z.
A way to contain it was tried: we circled it with a chalk circle. I don't know who had the idea, but it seemed to be the most obvious solution.
The thing is, it worked: the instance did not replicate. We've been watching it for two months, and nothing indicates it can spread.
There is a priori no reason to find an instance of SCP-369-FR elsewhere. It seems we've put this universe out of danger.

- Dr. Martin





I are complete creature, just like you, and we am not limited to physical surfaces.
Thanks for freeing us from this damn circle.
As a token of my gratitude, and to be assured that you will not tell where we am hiding, we will spare you.
Now, please close that.
And forget us.
You will see me again soon enough.
I are not going to forget you.



























Footnotes
1. As no mean for SCP-369-FR to kill people has ever been observed yet, the way human population was brought to extinction following the spreading of the phenomenon is still unknown.


                    