
                        

rating: +4+–x
Item #: SCP-027-FR
Threat Level: Green ●
Object Class Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-027-FR must be confined in a room in which a tree must be planted.
The object must be placed on the tree, and be more than 6 m from the ground and 6 m from the ceiling and walls.
Except for tests, no man-made object shall be present within 6 m of SCP-027-FR.
Any interruption in the noise produced by the object must be signaled.
As to not affect the concentration of personnel, the walls of the containment must be soundproof.
Description: SCP-027-FR is a statuette of singer Rick Astley, measuring 23 cm high, and bearing the inscription "Get rick rolled".
The statuette continuously plays the song Never Gonna Give You Up as sung by the previously mentioned singer.
When a man-made object approaches within 6 m of the statuette, it will be instantly transformed into another object, of which the utility will be the opposite of the original, totally diverted from the previous utility, or will in some way "mock" the initial utility.
The transformation occurs first by a change in the shape of the object, which grows or shrinks according to the final size of the object, followed by a change of color. The whole transformation takes, on average, 2 seconds, with slight increases depending on the volume of the object after transformation.
In the case of objects whose utility or appreciation is subjective, for example, a work of art, SCP-027-FR will transform it into an object that will go against the appreciation or opinion about the initial object of the closest person.

+ Tests on SCP-027-FR

- Tests on SCP-027-FR

Test 027-01

Subject: SCP-027-FR
Procedure: A VAB Mk3 tank is brought within range of SCP-027-FR.
Results: The tank is turned into ice cream truck.
Note: Yippee! - Dr. Holt

Test 027-02

Subject: SCP-027-FR
Procedure: A mint lollipop is brought within range of SCP-027-FR.
Results: The lollipop transformed into a methamphetamine lollipop. It seems that the lollipop also had a certain self-attracting effect on the staff in charge of the tests, who all tasted it.
Note 1: Yippee! - Dr. Grym
Note 2: Effects of the SCP my ass, this lollipop has nothing "self-attracting". - Agent Neremsa

Test 027-03

Subject: SCP-027-FR
Procedure: A grenade is brought within range of SCP-027-FR.
Results: To the naked eye, no change is visible. However, once the grenade was unpinned and launched, it exploded in confetti.
Note: You have a little fun too. A decrease in profitability. I note. - Km. Mortarion

Test 027-04

Subject: SCP-027-FR
Procedure: A pencil and eraser are brought within range of SCP-027-FR.
Results: The pink side of the eraser no longer erases, causing only spots on the paper, while the blue side clears perfectly.
Note: I don't even know why we did this test. The result was obvious in advance. - Dr. Heiteira

Test 027-05

Subject: SCP-027-FR
Procedure: A cooler is brought within range of SCP-027-FR.
Results: The cooler itself has not changed, however, the ambient temperature in the cooler is now around 200 degrees Celsius.
Note: I'm going to put that in the cafeteria, the old oven has died. - Dr. Benji




Addendum: SCP-027-FR was visibly designed by the organization Are We Cool Yet?, as indicated by an inscription under the statuette. It was discovered in the Harrods store in London, where it devastated the stocks, transforming many items.
SCP-027-FR was spotted in an inventory locker, due to it turning the clothes of the store's staff invisible as soon as they approached it.
Its recovery and extraction were extremely delicate, given the nature of the object and its location. The Gemini-disinformation procedure Gemini-113-B was set up.


« SCP-026-FR | SCP-027-FR | SCP-028-FR »



                    