
                        

rating: 0+–x

Item #: SCP-161-FR
Threat Level: Green ●
Object Class: Euclid


SCP-161-FR-2.


Special Containment Procedures: SCP-161-FR-1 is to be contained in a cell with a ceiling height of at least three (3) meters with pressure sensors on the floor. SCP-161-FR-2 is to be kept in a locked standard anomalous items chest. Three pen (whose working must be verified each week) must be kept near the chest. The access to the SCP-161-FR-2's containement room must have an airlock and pressure sensors on the floor. Nobody is authorized to use it without a level 4 or higher accreditation (except during an SCP-161-FR-1's containment breach where the required accreditation is 3).
In the case of SCP-161-FR-1's escape, a staff member benefiting from accreditation level 3 or higher must go in the SCP-161-FR-2's containment chamber, and after check that SCP-161-FR-1 is outside, must take SCP-161-FR-2 and write inside the following sentence: "SCP-161-FR-1 decide finally to return in its cell and to wait that it is locked." Once the pressure sensors detect SCP-161-FR-1 presence, the chamber is to be sealed.
NOTE: SCP-161-FR-1 appears to have a blood system. As the latter is not invisible, it is possible as a last resort to hurt him in order to be able to track him1.
Description: SCP-161-FR-1 refers to an entity and an item named SCP-161-FR-1 and SCP-161-FR-2 wich are respectively a creature and a book.
The size of SCP-161-FR-1 is estimated to be between two (2) and three (3) meters high. It is usually not hostile to humans, as no subject interacts with SCP-161-FR-2. If someone uses SCP-161-FR-2, once its effect is achieved, SCP-161-FR-1 will seem to memorize the person of the subject (even without visual contact with him) and will become extremely aggressive towards the latter for an indefinite period. SCP-161-FR-1 is invisible to the human eye, cameras, thermal cameras, and any other type of wave-based detection. He seems to be able to move at a speed of 45 km/h with low noise, and appears to have claws approximately 6 cm long according to medical-legal reports. SCP-161-FR-1 does not appear to have tail or coat.
SCP-161-FR-2 is a book of 34 x 22 x 7 cm and has a brown leather cover and a red binding and a total of ████ pages of which 49 were torn off. The first 48 pages are among those torn off. The ███ page has been uprooted by the Foundation for experimental purposes. ████ pages are still blank. The other pages contain texts written by different authors (hereinafter referred to as "subjects") where orders are given to SCP-161-FR-1. Right now, 12 of the first 48 pages have been recovered. The first 7 pages remain untraceable. Of the 12 pages found, only three (3) present information of interest for SCP-161-FR-1 - pages 8, 9 and 13. Of these three (3) pages, two (2) were burned to more than 70%. The text written on these three pages is entirely written in Armenian. Several elements of the text refer to the anti-Russian propaganda carried out by the British forces in the 1890s. This suggests, according to the position of these pages in the object, that this one made its appearance in the years 1860-1870. SCP-161-FR-1 is referred to as Amenaber.
When a subject writes inside SCP-161-FR-2, SCP-161-FR-1 appears to be obligated to perform the actions described therein. An action telling SCP-161-FR-1 to change its thinking will have no effect. Actions outside the abilities of SCP-161-FR-1 are not taken into account by the latter. When nobody writes, a text describing the actions of SCP-161-FR-1 in real time appears in the language of the last user, And with the name designating the entity employed by him. The sentences are then simple, short and direct, and are written in the present. It has been shown in experiments that if a text is written on the remaining blank pages subsequent to the currently filled page, the requested action will be performed once all blank pages are completed. Barring or tearing out these pages seems to have no effect. SCP-161-FR-2 seems to take into account all the languages tested, including those created for testing, insofar as the words have a meaning for the subject. A word without meaning or a phrase written by a machine have no effect. Despite research on SCP-161-FR-2, the only solution found to date to make SCP-161-FR-1 happy is to give it SCP-161-FR-2.
There are two opposing theories concerning the number of pages of SCP-161-FR-2. The first is that the number of pages corresponds to the life span of SCP-161-FR-1 until death. The second theory is that SCP-161-FR-1 "repay" a "debt" to another entity and the number of pages corresponds to the size of that debt. In both cases, tearing out a blank page seems to have a major influence on the future of SCP-161-FR-1. However, the latest theory, supported by Dr. Zap, take into account the fact that the name "Amenaber" designates in the ancient Armenian beliefs a divinity with the virtue of making the earth fruitful. Now, at the time when the first texts in SCP-161-FR-2 appeared, "The one who made the earth fruitful" was usually a slave. According to Dr. Zap, SCP-161-FR-1 would have been enslaved in one way or another.
Addendum: SCP-161-FR-1 and SCP-161-FR-2 were found and captured together in the region of ██████ in ███████.

+ Excerpt from page 561

- Excerpt from page 561


SCP-161-EN-2 is in the possession of a member of organized crime known as ███. The text is written in Italian.
"The creature leaves to kill ████████" The creature passes over the wall, climbs onto a car and then onto the roof of the garage, where she enters the house. She sees ████████. She opens her belly. The creature discreetly comes home and waits all night without moving until I get the book again."





+ Excerpt from page 585

- Excerpt from page 585


On this date, ███ seems to have forgotten to tell the creature to wait for the night. The text is written in Italian.
"The creature walks up to the room, makes no noise, smells, opens the door. He's not alone, there are women. The creature approaches and grabs his head. He wakes up. It breaks his neck."





+ Excerpt from page 806

- Excerpt from page 806


SCP-161-FR-2 is in the possession of a firefighter named ██████. The event that follows is the fire that took place in ███-████ on 25/03 / 19██. The text is written in English.
"Abraham climbs up the staircase and rummages through the apartments on the eighth floor to bring the survivors near the window where the ladder is. The walls are on fire. The staircase is a brazier. Abraham climbs the elevator shaft. Beams fall from the ceiling. Abraham is blinded by the flames. The flesh of Abraham is charred. Abraham persists. He finds a survivor. It protects him from burns with his body. Abraham comes out of the building. He joined ██████ in a nearby alley. ██████ returns the book to him."





+ Excerpt from page 1107

- Excerpt from page 1107


SCP-161-FR-1 appears to have failed the task assigned to it by the author. The text is written in Russian.
"Tashia stands in the center of the room and scratches her face, and Tashia now has eleven scars because she has missed eleven times, now Tashia turns to her master and lets him whip her. The master hopes that this time Tashia has understood that she must not fail. Now Tashia enters the cage and waits for the master to lock her. Tashia is hurting. She tries to cut the bars with her claws. She can't. Tashia wants to die. Tashia can't take it anymore. "
A ripped page may imply that SCP-161-FR-1 can not commit suicide.





+ Excerpt from page 1692

- Excerpt from page 1692


It has been proved after analysis that the writing is that of ███ ██████ ██████. The description of the events in SCP-161-FR-2 corresponds to the assassination in 19██ of ████ █. ███████. The text is written in English.
"Richard sees the back seat of the car, observes the target next to his wife, and finally decides to go and slit his throat, there are a lot of people, the car has no roof. Richard slowly approaches. It remains discreet. The car is right in front of him. He leaped into the back seat. He opens the throat of the victim with his claws. There's blood on the woman. On him too. Everyone looks at him. He is afraid. He is running. The bodyguards shoot him. The pain burns him. Eventually he escapes. He sees ███ ██████ ██████ who also flees."
The videos and reports of the event were then falsified by the Disinformation Department of the Foundation. An amnesic was administered to each direct witness of the incident. The official version is now that the victim, ████ █. ███████ was killed by a sniper.





+ Excerpt from page 2003

- Excerpt from page 2003


SCP-161-FR-1 is in possession of SCP-161-FR-2. The text is written in French.
"The monster has the book. The monster is happy. The monster has the book. The monster is happy. The monster has the book. The monster is happy. The monster has the book. The monster is happy. The monster has the book. The monster is happy. The monster has the book. The monster is happy. The monster has the book. The monster is happy. The monster has the book. The monster is happy. The monster has the book. The monster is happy. The monster has the book. The monster is happy. The monster has the book. The monster is happy. The monster has the book. The monster is happy. The monster has the book. The monster is happy. The monster has the book. The monster is happy. The monster has the book. The monster is happy. The monster has the book. The monster is happy. The monster has the book. The monster is happy. The monster has the book. The monster is happy. The monster has the book. The monster is happy. The monster has the book. The monster is happy. The monster has the book. The monster is happy. The monster has the book. The monster is happy. The monster has the book. The monster is happy."
Repeat until page 2082.





Footnotes
1. UPDATE: A more relevant solution for the survival of SCP-161-FR-1 was recently thought by Dr. Tritonis ; The guards in charge of the SCP-161-FR-1's containment can use paint guns as used for paintball in order to mark SCP-161-FR-1 during a containment breach.


                    