
                        

rating: +13+–x
Item #: SCP-1092-RU
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: At the moment we only have very vague plans of containing the threat that this object presents. Anyone can become an unfortunate victim: doctors, postmen, or artists—everyone gets addicted. Anyone who attempted to use rhythm and rhyme, all who trusted a pen with a piece of their mind, even those who forgot of their fondness for poems, none of them are immune. Hence are all our worries.
Agents look for the sources of the object’s effect: every day they check data being pulled from the Web. When a verse seems suspicious, there’s a ready response: MTFs with amnestics and a bag for the corpse.
Description: Object 1092 is a powerful word that takes root in one’s mind and in one’s line of thought. Time and time and again it comes up in their lines but it only stands out to the unchanged eyes.
When exposed to the object, it will alter the pattern of expression in writing: it gets broken and scattered, it’s distorted and filled with unneeded additions, its ideas now changed into rhyming renditions. Since that moment the victim, not knowing their state, is hell-bent on adorning each line and each phrase to embellish the object. There’s no way that this threat is Contained or Secured; we are left to Protect.
Every following verse is more powerful, moving, it’s inflaming the listeners, always improving, and it spreads like a virus, it touches the souls, it enchants, it transforms, it infects and it grows. This incredible gift is a curse wrapped as blessing; its effects are impervious to Class A amnestics. For this talent there is but one way to unteach: burn the author along with their passionate speech.
Addendum: Our agents and staff have to be highly cautious, since containment is limited to radical options. But despite our best efforts and secure protocols, the disease worms its way into our reports.
If a member of staff, dead and callous inside, who does things by the book, never follows desires, cold and dry like a lawyer and a stranger to passion, in a word: a true member of our great Foundation… If they notice a page full of sensuous rhymes, but their heart remains still and their eyes remain dry, this event must be promptly reported above, so [REDACTED] and agents can remove the involved.

                    