
                        

rating: +4+–x


The entrance to SCP-1184 at the moment of discovery.




SCP-1184; the passage and the door are off-screen


Item #: SCP-1184-RU
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: The territory on which Mine ██-█████ ██████ is situated is to be enclosed with chain-link fence around the security perimeter. An observation post is to be erected next to the former mine constructions, to accommodate staff members of the Internal Security Department guarding the object, as well as engineer and research staff during scheduled works with the object.
Every other month all the constructions connected to SCP-1184 are to be surveyed by Engineering and Technical Service Department. If necessary, the mine crown and all the passages leading to the object are to be reinforced.
Sound and video recording equipment is to be placed inside SCP-1184; any changes inside the mine should be reported to the staff member in charge of the object.
Description: SCP-1184 is a room of unknown purpose, the only known entrance to which is located in former ██-█████ ██████ mine. At the moment of initial discovery the mine was abandoned due to its depletion which made further meaning lose economic sense. All former mine workers claimed that SCP-1184 had not previously existed.
According to the mine plans, a blind shaft which was previously used for transporting miners to the gallery level instead leads to SCP-1184. Getting to the level by any other means is not possible; the rest of the passages are strewn with refuse rock and can not be cleared out without collapsing the entirety of the underground passage system. SCP-1184 has the appearance of an old abandoned room with simple furnishings. The following is an up-to-date list of items that have been discovered inside SCP-1184:

Several pieces of furniture and everyday objects with signs of age and wear; the only remaining label on a night-desk says that it was produced by Moscow Furniture Assembly Plant #2 in 1988
Old speleological equipment
A certain amount of food supplies (already spoiled at the moment of discovery), the date of manufacture is 1988
██████ ████'s diary (see Addendum)

It should be noted that a street can be seen through the only window inside SCP-1184 (possibly, [REDACTED] Street), however, a building which can offer such a view does not exist. All the attempts to open the window, break it, or leave the room by any other means have failed.
Also inside SCP-1184 is closed wooden door, which is impossible to open. Approximately once a day sounds of someone trying to open it can be heard from the other side; however, nothing happens apart from that.
Addendum-1184-A.
Excerpts from the document found inside SCP-1184 are provided below. The document itself is presumed to be a diary of one ██████ ████, who officially went missing in 19881.

+ Show

- Hide


I found a notebook here. That's a start. With my pencil it will at least allow me to make some notes about what's happening to me here.
My name is ██████ ████, I am an amateur spelunker. I went down here out of my interest of old abandoned mines, and here I am. Crap.
I have no idea what this place is and what the fuck is going on. I was going down the mine further and further, from one level to another. The lower I got, the more peculiar these mines looked. Haphazard, entangled, sometimes even without proper ventilation or proper support of the passages, as if they were dug by some idiots.2 I decided to go down a bit more, but this tunnel was the only way here. And in the end my hook slipped. At least I'm okay, that's good. But where did I turn up in the end?
I tried to escape this place. The room looks as good as new, only it seems abandoned. And I can't leave this place. There is no way I can climb up, un-strengthened walls will collapse, and if I fall from more or less decent height, broken bones will kill me. And I can't go outside, the windows and the door are as if made of steel. Luckily, I have a decent supply of food.


I found a key for that stupid door. I don't know how I didn't notice it previously. Will try getting out through it. It's already late today. I haven't been keeping track of time for a good while though, but I want to sleep.
I hope the batteries inside the flashlight won't die. It's strange, but the view out the window doesn't change. And there's no people. Although it's strange that this particular thing seems extraordinary to me in my situation.


Here it is, hell itself. There are some caves out there. I saw Tom and Jerry standing in front of me, and then they jumped into the ceiling. What the fuck was that? What is going on?


And I haven't found the exit. I thought I was walking forward, but turned up in front of this cursed place. I guess I am destined to die here.


Strangely, I don't need a flashlight. All the caves are lit with some omnipresent and soft light, dim as it may be. Some devilish shit, I tell you. And these hallucinations keep multiplying.

This is the last note in the diary. The subject's body and the key for the door were not found.



Addendum-1184-B: Test Log 1184-13

+ Show

- Hide

This experiment was provoked by D-14716's reaction to SCP-1184. During a scheduled descent the subject claimed that he sees no room there but a gallery level without any anomalies. After a brief discussion a decision was made to convoy D-14716 for conducting an experiment. The audio log of the conversations during the experiment is presented below.

Dr. Goodwin (in charge of the object): Ugh, comms check, does everybody hear me?
██████ (a staff member of Internal Security Department convoying D-14716): Loud and clear.
D-14716: Yes, doc.
Dr. Goodwin: What do you see, D-14716?
D-14716: You've already asked. I see an ordinary mine. Nothing special, except for this thug you've assigned to me
██████: Keep talking an I'll thug you some. I see only SCP-1184. No mine.
D-14716: Boss, this guy is just standing and staring in front of himself. I wonder how does he even have the ability to talk to you.
Dr. Goodwin: What do you mean? Explain yourself.
D-14716: I'm serious, he looks like a zombie. Is he shell-shocked or something?
██████: What is he talking about? I'm sitting on a chair standing here!
D-14716: The fuck you say, there is no chair, you are drooling like a baby and staring at a trolley at the end of the passage. Even a pot plant looks brighter.

After the discussion a decision was made to continue the experiment no matter the consequences.

Dr. Goodwin: Walk a little further and tell me what you see.
D-14716: Nothing. It's an ordinary mine. Oh wait, the railway stops.
██████: Damn it, he isn't going anywhere. He is just standing in the centre of the room!3
Dr. Goodwin: Let's go on. Go ahead and tell me what you see.
D-14716: Nothing special. For now. I have a very strong uneasy feeling though.
Dr. Goodwin: Ugh… hold on, we're having trouble with the video connection. We'll try to fix it, but you should go forward and tell me what you see.
D-14716: Oh, there are even more passages below, but they are filled with water. I don't need to go there, do I? I think that the equipment you gave me is hardly suitable for this.
Dr. Goodwin: Go ahead as far as you can. But don't go into the water, naturally…
D-14716: Okay. Here is… Wait, I think there is something moving up ahead. Hey, dude! Where did you come from and what are you doing here? Are you alri—
Dr. Goodwin: D-14716, respond. D-14716!
██████: Hey, doc, he's disappeared! He had just been standing in front of me, and now he's vanished! What the fuck?

No signs of D-14716 were discovered, he never responded again. The equipment the subject was carrying didn't broadcast anything. The experiment is considered to be finished.



'I do not know which one of them was right. And I do not know what those damned miners found while doing their goddamn digging. But a certain thought haunts my mind, a thought that one day it won't be a room in a mine, but a room in an ordinary house. And I don't really feel like standing there frozen with a face of a retard. That is, if I'm not standing like that right now'. — Dr. Goodwin

Footnotes
1. It is theorized that SCP-1184 and its anomalous properties manifested themselves at that date.
2. The miners claim that all work was carried out according to plan, however, examination of the mine proves the words written by ██████ ████.
3. It is noteworthy that the camera attached to D-14716's helmet showed that he goes through the door inside SCP-1184 and turns up in the mine.


                    