
                        

rating: +1+–x
Item #: SCP-1311-RU
Object Class: Euclid None Safe
Special Containment Procedures: The underwater boundary of SCP-1311 is enclosed by a protective net. The surface zone is patrolled by Foundation S-Class vessels. Civilians attempting to enter the object area must be detained, interrogated, treated with amnestics, and then released. Any creatures affected by SCP-1311 must be destroyed immediately.
The state of the biosphere in the exposed coastal zone is checked monthly by remotely controlled drone. Due to the unacceptable radiation levels for equipment operation (see Incident 1311-SK), research of the object’s deeper areas is suspended indefinitely. Experiments with SCP-1311 can be conducted with written permission of the object’s curator and two members of the O5 Council.
Description: SCP-1311 is an anomalous region with a center located two kilometers from the shore of [REDACTED]. It has a dome-shaped form, with its border lying at 20 m (at low tide - 5 m) from the coastline and presumably reaching 8-10 km towards the sea. The exact depth of the anomaly has not been established, however, it is reliably known that SCP-1311 reaches the bottom of the adjacent fault at ████ m below the ocean's surface. Top of the dome rises above the water by 2m and by 4m at low tide. The object has no visible material component and its boundaries are determined only by its anomalous effect on living organisms.
The main anomalous property of SCP-1311 is its effect on living terrestrial organisms. Any such creature, if it enters influence zone of the object, gains the ability to stay and breathe under water for indefinite time without any harm; the body simultaneously stops receiving oxygen from atmospheric air during this transition. A long stay outside the aquatic environment leads to rapid drying and damage to external tissues. These changes are irreversible.
Addendum 1:

Access only for employees with a Clearance Level 3/1311 or higher

Video transcript from 21.08.2014

This video was obtained from a remote-controlled research drone launched from the Foundation vessel Euryale to survey the surface of a [REDACTED] fault exposed to SCP-1311. For convenience of viewing, the video transcript is divided according to the depths at which certain scenes were taken.

[START RECORD]
0 m: Video captured during the device launch preparation. The drone is suspended on a crane at the side of the Euryale and ready to be launched into the water. The ship's crew is going on the bow in sight of one of the cameras. Most are smiling, some are gesturing reassuringly. The captain addresses the crew with a speech about the importance of the first detailed study of this anomaly. Then the crew disperses to their respective stations. Even from the surface there are visible accumulations of sea foam in the area of ​​the anomaly and an abundance of green vegetation at the shore bottom.
3 m: The seabed in the coastal area is covered with dense thickets of meadow grasses, which are held at the bottom by mud and sand. Despite the large number of young shoots, mature trees and shrubs could not be found. Periodically, areas free from vegetation are visible in 0.5 m radius. A large number of small fish and two large 'ant hills' are found in the grass. Of the mammals, only small rodents were seen1, occasionally attacking fish from ambush. The largest creature at this depth was a male raccoon recently affected by the anomaly, judging by its extreme confusion and regular attempts to resurface.
7 m: Start of the descent into the rift. The walls are completely overgrown with shrubs and deciduous trees characteristic of central Russia. Fruits and berries are mostly eaten by fish, with found samples being collected for analysis. Snakes appear several times in the cameras’ field of view, their morphological signs being that of common vipers. At the roots of one of the birches is a badger, digging small stones from the seabed and swallowing them, presumably to reduce buoyancy.
13 m: Among the bushes are several visible entrances to the recesses in the surface of the fault. After moving inside one, it becomes possible to determine that it is of artificial origin and, presumably, was dug by a large animal. At the bottom there are multiple shells from bivalvia, as well as fish and animal bones. However, the cave itself looks long abandoned, with partially collapsed walls.
Upon exiting the recess, the drone encounters a person. Appearance - boy, 10-12 years old, [PERSONAL DATA EXPUNGED], in striped swimming trunks, corresponds to the description of [REDACTED], at the time reported missing for two weeks in the nearest settlement [REDACTED]. He shows extreme agitation and is gesticulating frantically. Apparently, the boy is trying to say something2, but fails due to the human ligaments’ unsuitability to underwater submersion. He is also supposedly crying. By means of the manipulators, he is directed to the ship; the research drone, meanwhile, begins further descent. The boy looks extremely agitated, gesticulating and trying to prevent the descent, but after re-directing him to the ship, stops and quickly swims up3
20 m: The way down turns out to be blocked by a dense cluster of huge coniferous “umbrellas” holding onto thin and flexible barkless trunks that go far down, mimicking waterlily leaves4. While moving, using tools for clearing the path, loud clicks of unknown nature are registered to be emmenating from the surrounding branches5.
26 m: On the bottom surface of the "umbrellas" there is a thick layer of organic substances (the composition is identical to the accumulations of foam on the surface of the anomaly), overgrown with a huge amount of normal forest fungi. On this surface, a herd of dwarf goats moves upside down. Their limbs are significantly shortened, their teeth are missing, and they lick off food by hypertrophied tongues, covered with sharp keratin growths.
Suddenly, a group of several ordinary goats6 rises from the depths and quickly approaches the grazing flock. They grab three dwarf goats with their teeth, pulling out from the herd, and then drag them down. The whole process remains unnoticed by the surrounding animals.
35 m: Becomes noticeable a warm stream rich in organic matter, rising from the bottom of the fault. Illumination under the "umbrellas" drops drastically, rare specks of light on the walls of the fault are filled with clusters of green branching earthworms, measuring approx. 2-3 m long. At the bottom, unknown lights sometimes faintly flicker.
55 m: The area from which most of the "umbrella" pines grow. Due to the nutrient-rich flow from below, the amount of fish is much higher than expected. Many fish have ulcers on their bodies, on which swarm clusters of flies with swollen abdomens and wings functioning as some form of oars.
75 m: From the depths rises a flock of jellyfish-like creatures. Detailed review allows to establish that these are actually hedgehogs that have lost most of their organs, except for the skin sack covered with needles, the digestive tract and long (up to 6 m) tongues, which are used as tentacles for catching flies and small fish. The flickering of lights below becomes more distinguishable.
150 m: The abundance of flies and fish hampers the movement of the drone. On the wall of the fault are six large creatures. They appear to look like cows deprived of extremities and hearing organs. The only hole in the skull is a wide-open mouth, from which several square meters of the digestive tract are periodically released into the water, outwardly digesting and absorbing flies and fish, that are sticking to the tract in large quantities. Spots on the skin are constantly moving and changing shape, observers note the similarity with the figures of the Rorschach test. No anomalous effect on the viewer is noted.
Between the horns of these organisms is a web with an unusual pattern (no effect on humans is noted). The fish that notices it swims up to the web and remains in front of it, without interrupting visual contact, for an indefinite time. Periodically, large spiders come to such fish and devour them (the trance state is not interrupted). Some fish look bloated and barely maintain their position in front of web. Spiders carefully wrap such fishes in webs and protect them from flies.
340 m: The drone is attacked by a large moray-like creature with bear arms, emerging from one of the holes in the rift wall. The use of protective mechanisms allows the drone to drive the organism away with electric shock. Loud clicks are heard from time to time, but their source is unclear. The flickering of lights below becomes clear enough to detect a clear pattern in it (see the attached video file7).
[DATA EXPUNGED]
1025 m: Boars (25-33 m in length) swim through the water under the drone. They suck water into their mouths, which compose about one sixth of their body size, filtering nutrients out of it through large “humps” of lung tissue on their backs. Flies continuously emerge and float upward from these "humps". Around these organisms swarm flocks of large feathered cephalopods with eyeless bird heads8 and two tentacles, periodically pecking at parasitic groundhogs9 from the bodies of boars. As the research drone approached, the mollusks began to rapidly change the color of their plumage, [MEMETIC HAZARD EXPUNGED].
████ m: [DATA EXPUNGED] The creature is dressed in [DATA EXPUNGED] and holds a █████ ███████████ in it’s hands, with which it disables defense systems of the drone [DATA EXPUNGED]
[DATA EXPUNGED]10
[END RECORD]





Incident 1311-SK
Date: ██.08.2014
Location: [REDACTED]
Description: [DATA EXPUNGED]
Addendum: The entire crew of the Euryale , except for [REDACTED], [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], is awarded the Foundation's honorary service medal. A cover story for the civilian population was made regarding a surge of tectonic activity in the area. - O5-7





Footnotes
1. Flattened tails and membranes between the paws’ toes suggest that these species were influenced by the object for a long period and managed to adapt to survive in this environment.
2. Analysis of the footage with the help of lip reading made it possible to reveal that he asked for help and to bring him home, and also called his parents.
3. [DATA EXPUNGED] (see Incident 1311-SK)
4. Tissue analysis showed that the genetic code is 99.97% common pine.
5. The machine analysis of the recording showed that in the branches of the “umbrellas” there were nests, from each peeked out two or three eyeless chick heads, making these sounds. Nests were surrounded by figures woven from branches, grass and sinew, causing a powerful antimemetic effect.
6. Machine analysis has shown that, in reality, these were scale-covered creatures with barracuda-like faces and fins instead of feet. The general structure corresponded to large canines. On the head of each creature was a goatskin covered with a specific set of spots of unknown origin.
7. File is deleted as containing a third-degree cognitive hazard.
8. The structure of the skull approximately corresponds to the hooded crow.
9. The skin is hairless and covered with fine scales. Digestive system, including the mouth, is adapted to the nourishment by blood of the host and resembles that of the lamprey. No other significant differences in structure from non-anomalous groundhogs were found.
10. see Incident 1311-SK.


                    